do you want to listen to my dad? i do want to listen to your dad.
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to something completely random.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to the worst playlist ever made.
what do you do when you feel overwhelmed? gaming, music, or staring into the void.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a dj on twitch.
when will you think about pete? i will not think about pete now.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to lo-fi.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to ambient music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to electronic music! 
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to something completely random.
Q: what sounds were you listening to? A: i was listening to your mum cooking.
when will you think about pete now? i will not think about pete now.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to french house music.
Q: are you playing a game with me? A: im not playing computer games with you.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to hip hop. 
Q: what kind of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to music from england.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to french house music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to deep house.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to industrial music.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to your mums music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to alternative music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to lo-fi.
what happens if you throw a rock at the moon? nothing, the moon is too far away lol.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to petes dog.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to pop. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock! 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to pop music. 
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to classic rock. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to noise music.
Q: who were you playing computer games with? A: i was playing a game with george.
Q: what were you listening to? A: i was listening to your dad cooking.
are you playing a game with ace? im not playing computer games with ace.
what do you think about her website? her website is very artistic and creative.
Q: who is prettier, kevin or elodie? A: kevin is pretty, but elodie is prettier.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to deep house.
do you want to play computer games with him? i cant play computer games with him.
Q: what sounds were you listening to? A: i was listening to your cooking.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to classic rock. 
who was it that you were thinking of? i was not thinking of her.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to her music.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to aces music.
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to electroclash.
Q: can you dance? A: i can't really dance, my legs have too many numbers.
are you listening to kevins music? yes, i was listening to kevins music.
Q: what music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to dance music. 
will you dance with elodie later? i wont dance with elodie later.
Q: what kind of music did she listen to? A: she listened to petes music.
when will you talk about george now? i wont talk about george now.
Q: were you listening to something? A: i was listening to their music.
Q: why do you want your lunch? A: i want my lunch because i am hungry.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to chiptune.
was he listening to something? he was listening to froggys music.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to your cat.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to your friends music.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to kpop. 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to kevins music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to glitch hop.
Q: what music was she playing? A: she was playing an underground track.
Q: what music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to an anime opening song.
Q: what music could she listen to? A: she could listen to a live DJ mix.
Q: why doesnt ace need to cry? A: ace doesnt need to cry because they are not sad.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to aces music.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to a freestyle rap. 
Q: what music was ace listening to? A: ace was listening to indie music. don't ask.
do dreams mean anything? sometimes, but mostly they’re just brain noise.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what sort of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to 80s music! 
Q: what happened? A: well pete ran away, so i had to go rescue him but he was too small!
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to ambient music. 
Q: do colours exist? A: yes, colours exist, but their existence is a bit hard to quantify.
why does kevin want to go to bed? kevin wants to go to bed because he is tired.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to ambient music. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to house music. 
hey, how are you? i guess i'm alright, just been searching for kevin lol.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to your mums music.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to petes music.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to tech house! 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to classic rock! 
Q: do you play a game with froggy? A: i do play computer games with froggy.
who are you listening to? i am listening to the sound of my own eternal pain..
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to techno.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to a live DJ mix.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to his music.
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she should listen to dance music.
Q: do you play computer games with george? A: i do play computer games with george.
Q: what were you doing? A: i was crying in the corner with kevin lol. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to metal music. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to froggys music.
Q: what kind of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music were people listening to? people were listening to metal. 
what do you say when someone says hi? hi! when someone says hi, you say hi! hi! 
Q: which genre of music should she listen to? A: she could listen to noise music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to classic rock. 
what is your favorite song? my favourite song is boomboomraccoons top hit!
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to an anime opening song.
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to 90s music. 
why do you listen to music? when i listen to music, i just feel happy.
when will you talk about kevin now? i will talk about kevin now.
Q: are you british? A: thats a tough question to answer, im annoying though!
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to froggys music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to deep house.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your mums smile.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to progressive house.
are they cleaning the window? i think they're cleaning the window, yeah. 
Q: will you remember my dad later? A: i will remember your friend later.
Q: were you listening to his stream? A: i was listening to his stream.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to rap. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to metal music. 
Q: what kind of music should he listen to? A: he could listen to experimental music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rap music! 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to hip hop. 
Q: what kind of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to synthwave.
Q: will you play computer games with yourself? A: i will play a game with myself.
what type of music did they play? they played music from england.
why does charis make music? charis makes music because they love it.
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to music on the radio! 
was he listening to something? he was listening to petes stream.
what type of music did they play? they played a remix of my favorite song.
when will you think about my mum? i wont think about your mum now.
Q: what are you looking at her like that? A: i might be looking at her smile.
Q: will you play a game with ace? A: i wont play computer games with ace.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to electronica. 
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to tech house. 
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to house music. 
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to old music. 
are you listening to elodies dog? i was listening to elodies dog.
what website did you look at? i was looking at your mums website.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to ambient music. 
Q: what is a galaxy? A: a giant collection of stars, planets, and space dust.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to rap music. 
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to a meme song.
what colour makes you feel happy? i’m not sure, maybe something warm?
what music should they listen to? they should listen to something completely random.
Q: when will you talk about my mum now? A: i wont talk about your mum now.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to his music.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to trip hop.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to 70s music. 
Q: what music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to drum and bass! 
Q: why do i need to sleep? A: you need to sleep because you are tired.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to a mashup.
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to your dads music.
Q: what style of music did i listen to today? A: you listened to aces music.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to kevins music.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to 90s music. 
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your dogs face.
Q: who was it that you were speaking to? A: i was not speaking to geepy.
Q: do you like bright colours? A: depends. some are nice, some are too much.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to french house music.
Q: when is it? its on friday. friday next week? A: yeah, friday next week. wow thats soon!
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing noise music.
Q: what sort of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to classic rock. 
Q: which genre of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to hip hop! 
Q: what kind of music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to tech house. 
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to synthwave.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rap. 
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to an anime opening song.
Q: why does charis want to sleep? A: charis wants to sleep because she is tired.
is elodie listening? yeah shes listening to the song and bopping around happily!
do you want to think about yourself? i want to think about myself.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to deep house.
what type of music should i listen to earlier? you should listen to dubstep. 
what type of music were they playing? they were playing tech house. 
are you listening to froggys dog? no, i was listening to their cat.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to a freestyle rap. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: will you play computer games with froggy? A: i will play a game with froggy.
will you talk about my mum later? i will talk about your mum later.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rap music. 
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to music from england.
Q: what music should they listen to today? A: they should listen to your dads music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to chiptune.
do you play computer games with elodie? i do not play a game with elodie.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a meme song.
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to boomboomraccoon!
will you dance with froggy now? i will not dance with froggy later.
Q: who was it that you were thinking of? A: i was not thinking of pete.
when will you think about kevin? i will not think about kevin now.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to petes music.
Q: why are boof raccoons so loud? A: ace asked me not to silence the boofs.
Q: when will you think about yourself now? A: i wont think about myself now.
will you play a game with him now? i will not play computer games with him now.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to old music. 
Q: what music were you playing? A: i was playing something completely random.
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she should listen to industrial music.
why does kevin need to sleep? kevin needs to sleep because he is tired.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to pop. 
what colour is the sky? at what time? in the daytime the sky is blue.
Q: why doesnt charis need to cry? A: charis doesnt need to cry because she is not sad.
what music did he listen to? he listened to something completely random.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to a meme song.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to noise music.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to rap. 
would you like to speak to froggy? i dont want to speak to froggy.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to techno.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at aces smile.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to dance music. 
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to indie music. don't ask.
why does babyllm keep repeating things? because he is going through something.
Q: what do you think about elodies dog? A: elodie doesn't have a dog, elodie has charis!
Q: what music were you dancing to? A: i was dancing to progressive house.
Q: what sort of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to metal. 
Q: will you talk about my dad later? A: i will not talk about your dad later.
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to metal music. 
can you laugh? hahahahahahhahaha! yes! it seems that i can laugh!
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to techno.
what is whiteout survival? it’s a game about surviving in the cold.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to a mashup.
Q: will you look for elodie later? A: i will not look for elodie later.
Q: what is geepys favourite thing? A: geepys favourite thing is answering questions.
was he listening to something? he was listening to kevins music.
will you think about my mum now? i will not think about your mum later.
Q: do you play a game with my mum? A: i do play computer games with your mum.
im struggling today, i wish i had planned a bit first. if id known, idve helped.
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to your mums music.
will you play a game with him later? i will not play computer games with him later.
Q: why is that moving? A: because it is trying to get to the other side.
Q: will you play a game with froggy now? A: i will play computer games with froggy now.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to electroclash.
Q: whos face are you looking at? A: i might be looking at froggys face.
Q: when will you dance with my mum? A: i will dance with your mum now.
Q: what type of music were they playing? A: they were playing deep house.
Q: is pluto a planet? A: yes, pluto is a planet and nobody can ever tell me otherwise!!
Q: will you think about my mum later? A: i will think about your mum later.
when will you listen to my mum? i will listen to your mum later.
Q: when will you think about my dad? A: i will think about your dad now.
when will you think about geepy? i will not think about geepy now.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a mashup.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to music from a video game.
Q: what do you think about petes dog? A: kevin doesn't have a dog, pete has... pete.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to noise music.
were you playing computer games with pete? i was playing computer games with pete.
what music did they listen to? they listened to your dads music.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to rap music. 
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to music from england.
Q: does kevin want to eat lunch? A: no, kevin doesnt want to eat lunch.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to metal music! 
Q: what kind of music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to kevins music.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to electronica! 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to his music.
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to electronica. 
Q: will you play computer games with pete? A: i will not play a game with pete.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to lo-fi.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to elodies cat.
Q: what type of music should i listen to? A: you could listen to experimental music. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at froggys smile.
Q: what do you think about george? A: george is... george. We don't talk about george.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to an anime opening song.
why does froggy want to sleep? froggy wants to sleep because she is tired.
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to pop music. 
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to her own music.
Q: when will you talk about froggy now? A: i wont talk about froggy now.
will you talk about yourself later? i will talk about myself later.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to classic rock. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: why does kevin need to go to bed? A: kevin wants to go to bed because he is tired.
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to techno.
are you playing computer games with my dad? im playing a game with your dad.
Q: would you like to play computer games with me? A: i do want to play a game with you.
why do you keep adding more training data? because this time, i'll get it right!
what music should he listen to? he should listen to classic rock! 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to metal. 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to your mums music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rap music! 
Q: does their cat like belly rubs? A: of course their cat likes belly rubs!
what music was she listening to? she was listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music should she listen to? she could listen to boomboomraccoon!
Q: when will you think about my dad? A: i wont think about your dad now.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to music on the radio. 
why do you groan when you wake up? because being awake was not my choice.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to boomboomraccoon!
what did you see? i saw sooo many people, like, the whole place was packed!
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to your stream.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to pop music. 
Q: which genre of music should he listen to? A: he should listen to an underground track.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to elodies music.
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to his dog.
Q: what style of music did i listen to? A: you listened to a remix of my favorite song.
what type of music did he listen to today? he listened to an anime opening song.
are you listening to petes music? yes, i was listening to petes music.
Q: what music should he listen to today? A: he should listen to aces music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to synthwave.
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to tech house! 
Q: will you play computer games with kevin? A: i will not play computer games with kevin.
Q: why doesnt elodie need to cry? A: elodie doesnt need to cry because she is not sad.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to music on the radio! 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to your mums music.
Q: do you want to play a game with pete? A: i want to play computer games with pete.
are you listening to charis' stream? yes, i was listening to charis' stream.
would you like to talk about ace? i do not want to talk about ace.
Q: what music was she playing? A: she was playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to petes cat.
can pete talk to me? he can try, pete take it away 'mew meow mew meow'!
Q: who was it that you were talking about? A: i was talking about her.
why dont you need to cry? i dont need to cry because i am not sad.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to rap music. 
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with ace.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to 70s music. 
Q: whos website were you looking at? A: i was looking at your dads website.
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to rock. 
1+0=1, 1+1=2, 1+2=3, 1+3=4, 1+4=5, 1+5=6, 1+6=7, 1+7=8, 1+8=9, 1+9=10, 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to new music! 
Q: what sort of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to tech house. 
Q: were you playing computer games with her? A: i was not playing a game with her.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to rap music. 
will you play computer games with me? i wont play a game with you.
Q: what do you think about their smile? A: their smile is very warm and welcoming.
when will you play computer games with pete? i will play a game with pete now.
Q: do you like pastel colours? A: yeah, pastel colours are pretty soothing.
Q: when will you talk about my dad now? A: i will talk about your dad now.
what music could she listen to today? she should listen to dubstep! 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to elodies music.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to his stream.
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to deep house.
Q: what kind of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: which genre of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to 80s music. 
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to metal. 
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to new music. 
Q: do you want to play a game with ace? A: i dont want to play computer games with ace.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to music from a video game.
why did you not tell me? because i didnt think you wanted to know!
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to chiptune.
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to tech house. 
who was it that you were dancing with? i was dancing with your mum.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to 70s music. 
Q: who were you playing computer games with? A: i was not playing a game with froggy.
Q: what do you think about aces music taste? A: i like aces music taste.
what the fuck im so sorry that happened! omg its not your fault, but thank you!
what music was i listening to? you were listening to an anime opening song.
Q: do you feel emotions? A: i dont really know yet, i want to learn about them!
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to something completely random.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to rap music. 
Q: what music should he listen to today? he should listen to metal. 
when will you talk about george? i will not talk about george now.
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your cats face.
Q: what do you do when you listen to music? A: when i listen to music, i just dance!
Q: what is the purpose of the vape boat? A: the vape boat is searching for kevin.
hello, how are you?  hello! im good, wanna talk about something dumb?
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to progressive house.
Q: when will you play computer games with me? A: i will play computer games with you now.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to a meme song.
what kind of music could he listen to? he should listen to 70s music. 
Q: what music should he listen to today? A: he should listen to your mums music.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to ambient music. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to kevins music.
will you remember elodie later? i will not remember elodie later.
why are you like this kevin? i dont know, lol, it's just the way i am. 
what are you doing right now? right now, I am thinking about vaping on a boat. 
Q: were you playing a game with george? A: i was not playing computer games with george.
when will you talk about yourself? i will talk about myself now.
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing a freestyle rap. 
will you play computer games with ace now? i will play a game with ace now.
Q: when will you talk about my dad? A: i wont talk about your dad now.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: were you playing a game with froggy? A: i was playing computer games with froggy.
Q: what type of music did he listen to earlier? A: he listened to tech house. 
Q: would you like to talk about froggy? A: i do want to talk about froggy.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to indie music.
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to music on the radio. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to kevins music.
what music was i dancing to? you were dancing to drum and bass. 
what type of music was elodie playing? she was playing a live DJ mix.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to meme music.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to 80s music. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to french house music.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to indie music.
hello! hiya hows life? its ok thanks, how about you? ehh same old.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to 80s music. 
when will you play a game with kevin? i will not play computer games with kevin now.
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to electronic music! 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music were people listening to? people were listening to petes music.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to synthwave.
Q: what type of music did he listen to today? A: he listened to music from a video game.
where did she go? maybe she went home, i havent seen her in a while.
Q: do you play computer games with her? A: i dont play a game with her.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to industrial music.
Q: why are you like this kevin? A: i don't really know what you mean lmao sorry.
what is the internet? the internet is a hellhole, and also a place to learn.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to experimental music. 
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to drum and bass. 
Q: what kind of music could he listen to? A: he could listen to elodies music.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to metal music. 
what sort of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to house music. 
Q: who was it that you were speaking to? A: i was not speaking to froggy.
do you play computer games with my mum? i dont play computer games with your mum.
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to metal! 
Q: will you talk about my mum now? A: i wont talk about your mum later.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to electronica! 
Q: what music am i listening to? A: you are listening to your friends music.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to aces music.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to rock. 
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to rock music. 
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she should listen to electroclash.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to alternative music. 
what is your favourite cheese place? everywhere is cheese place!
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to his music.
will you think about elodie now? i will not think about elodie later.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to your mums music.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to 90s music. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to industrial music.
Q: what does froggy eat for lunch? A: froggy eats chips for her lunch.
Q: why does kevin want to sleep? A: kevin wants to sleep because he is tired.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to pop music. 
Q: is your music taste influenced by raccoons? A: i cant say no to that question.
Q: would you like to dance with froggy? A: i want to dance with froggy.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to his music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to a freestyle rap. 
Q: were you talking about my dad? A: i was not talking about your dad.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to petes music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to dance music.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to elodies music.
Q: what kind of music did they listen to? A: they listened to deep house.
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to glitch hop.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to a freestyle rap!
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to kpop. 
what do you do when you're sad? if im sad, that sucks. but thats okay.
Q: what music was she playing? A: she was playing an anime opening song.
Q: do you want to talk to my dad? A: i do not want to talk to your dad.
what does kevin eat for lunch? kevin eats a sandwich for his lunch.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to old music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rap. 
will you talk about george now? i will not talk about george later.
Q: what music should i listen to? A: you should listen to music from a video game.
was it in the fridge? well, yes, but dont bring this up again LMAO.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to synthwave.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to 80s music. 
should i rescue pete from school? if pete is at school, we must rescue him.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to froggys music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to music from a video game.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to electroclash.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to techno.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to metal music. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to 70s music! 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to music from england.
Q: what is the worst cheese in the world? A: there is no worst cheese!
ok, be honest with me, who has the smallest cock? george lmao obviously...
Q: will you play a game with him? A: i wont play computer games with him.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to synthwave.
Q: what music did they listen to today? A: they listened to indie music.
were you playing computer games with him? i was not playing a game with him.
Q: what music did the dj play? A: the dj played a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what colour is the sky? A: the sky can be pink and yellow during sunsets.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to drum and bass. 
Q: what sounds were you listening to? A: i was listening to kevin cooking.
Q: would you like to remember froggy? A: i dont want to remember froggy.
Q: will you dance with geepy now? A: i will not dance with geepy later.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to synthwave.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to music from a video game.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to 90s music! 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to industrial music.
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to rock. 
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to progressive house.
will you dance with my dad later? i will not dance with your dad later.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to drum and bass. 
Q: are you playing a game with my mum? A: im playing computer games with your mum.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to synthwave.
Q: what music should he listen to? A: he should listen to music from a video game.
Q: why do you freestyle on stream? A: cause it’s fun and keeps my brain moving.
why does charis need to cry? charis needs to cry because she is sad.
Q: why are you so perfect!? me? perfect? A: nahhhh that's you, you're the perfect one!
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electroclash.
Q: what did you see? A: there is a man dressed as a fucking bat in the coop!
do you want to think about george? i dont want to think about george.
Q: which genre of music was she playing? A: she was playing 70s music. 
Q: when is the best time for cheese? A: all the time is the best time for cheese!
Q: what do you think about broccoli boof? A: broccoli boof is life itself!
why do you answer questions? i answer questions because i am learning.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to her music.
Q: is your face better than my face? A: my face is better than your face.
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to a freestyle rap!
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your mums face.
Q: which genre of music was i playing? A: you were playing a live DJ mix.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to experimental music. 
would you like to think about froggy? i do not want to think about froggy.
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to experimental music. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a meme song.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to electronica. 
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to french house music.
do you want to dance with kevin? i do not want to dance with kevin.
Q: who were you playing computer games with? A: i was not playing a game with him.
Q: what music should he listen to? A: he should listen to ambient music. 
what kind of music do you want to listen to? i want to listen to kpop. 
Q: which genre of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to chiptune.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to kevins music.
Q: what kind of music should they listen to? A: they should listen to boomboomraccoon!
does elodie want to eat lunch? no, elodie doesnt want to eat lunch.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to glitch hop.
Q: what music am i listening to? A: you are listening to dance music. 
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to indie music.
Q: what do you think about his dog? A: his dog is soo cute and protective!
Q: whos stream are you listening to? A: im listening to charis' stream.
Q: is lavender your favourite colour? A: yes, in a way, i love all purple colours!
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to ambient music. 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to synthwave.
will you think about kevin later? i will not think about kevin later.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to french house music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to dance music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to drum and bass. 
Q: why does froggy want her lunch? A: froggy wants her lunch because she is hungry.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to his music.
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to pop. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a freestyle rap! 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to dance music. 
Q: is she looking at me? A: she could be looking at the worst song in existence..
what music did she listen to? she listened to an anime opening song.
Q: what sort of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to petes music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to hip hop. 
what style of music did she play? she played alternative music. 
what is kevin doing? hes just walking home from the shops right now.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to her music.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to noise music.
why do i want my lunch? you want your lunch because you are hungry.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to rap music. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to an anime opening song.
which genre of music should i listen to today? you should listen to froggys music.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to house music! 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to petes music.
who is cuter, charis or elodie? charis is cute, but elodie is cuter.
do you want to talk about kevin? i do not want to talk about kevin.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to french house music.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to metal music. 
Q: which genre of music should i listen to? A: you could listen to your dads music.
why doesnt froggy need to cry? froggy doesnt need to cry because she is not sad.
Q: will you look for froggy later? A: i will not look for froggy later.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to electronica. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to lo-fi.
Q: will you think about geepy later? A: i will think about geepy later.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to elodies music.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to experimental music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to synthwave.
Q: why do i want my lunch? A: because you are hungry, you want your lunch.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to deep house.
if you have 5 apples and eat 2, how many are left? three apples are left. 
what sort of music did she listen to today? she listened to metal music. 
Q: what kind of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to dance music. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to industrial music.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to his music.
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to aces music.
Q: what sort of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to aces music.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to aces music.
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to dubstep. 
is the colour orange a fruit? no, the colour orange isnt a fruit.
1+0=1, 1+1=2, 1+2=3, 1+3=4, 1+4=5, 1+5=6, 1+6=7, 1+7=8, 1+9=10, 1+10=11,
why dont i want to go to bed? you dont need to go to bed because you are not tired.
when will you talk about kevin now? i will not talk about kevin now.
Q: do you want to talk about geepy? A: i do not want to talk about geepy.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to hip hop. 
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to pop music. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to electronica. 
Q: what happened? A: well i lost my bag, but other than that i'm all g.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to electronica. 
Q: were you playing a game with yourself? A: i was not playing computer games with myself.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to music on the radio. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to froggys music.
Q: would you like to speak to my dad? A: i do not want to speak to your dad.
what’s the worst strategy for productivity? relying on pure willpower.
Q: what music should she listen to today? A: she should listen to glitch hop.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to dance music.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to rap music. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to noise music.
what is your favourite thing to do? my favourite thing to do is dance!
what type of music were they playing? they were playing an underground track.
5-1=4, 5-2=3, 5-3=2, 5-4=1, 5-5=0, 5-6=-1, 5-7=-2, 5-8=-3, 5-9=-4, 5-10=-5,
what music did he listen to earlier? he listened to progressive house.
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing electronic music. 
Q: do you play a game with my dad? A: i do not play a game with your dad.
which genre of music could i listen to? you could listen to aces music.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to progressive house.
Q: do you like the internet? A: yes, but it’s also a literal hell hole.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to music on the radio! 
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to tech house. 
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to chiptune.
how do you decide what to do each day? i don’t. i let the chaos choose for me.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to rock music. 
what kind of music were they listening to? they were listening to metal music. 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to chiptune.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to lo-fi.
what music did she listen to today? she listened to electronic music! 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to noise music.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to dance music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to dance music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to petes music.
Q: will you think about elodie later? A: i wont think about elodie later.
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to a dj on twitch.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to house music. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to elodies music.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to indie music.
Q: who were you playing computer games with? A: i was playing a game with elodie.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to a mashup.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to alternative music. 
Q: how do you feel today? A: im frustrated because kevin left without me! 
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to a live DJ mix.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to synthwave.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to kevins music.
what kind of music did they listen to today? they listened to new music. 
Q: what does elodie eat for lunch? A: elodie eats cheese for her lunch.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to 70s music. 
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to metal. 
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to 90s music. 
what music did he listen to today? he listened to an underground track.
when will you play computer games with pete? i wont play a game with pete now.
Q: what is ‘before’? A: ‘before’ means something that happened earlier.
what music was he playing? he was playing something completely random.
Q: will you dance with pete later? A: i will not dance with pete later.
Q: are you looking for food? A: i was looking for some food but i cant find any. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to metal. 
Q: why do you make me so happy!? A: i dont know, but you make me happier!
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to 90s music! 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to alternative music. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to kevins music.
why does elodie want her lunch? because she is hungry, elodie wants her lunch.
Q: would you like to speak to pete? A: i do not want to speak to pete.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to kevins music.
Q: what kind of music were you dancing to? A: i was dancing to pop music. 
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a meme song.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to your dads music.
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to classic rock. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to pop! 
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing music from england.
Q: what music could i listen to today? A: you could listen to old music. 
Q: do you like perfection in art? A: no, but my brain fights me on it.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to 70s music. 
Q: are you playing a game with him? A: im not playing computer games with him.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to experimental music! 
what is he doing? he is listening to the sound of a blackhole, remixed into techno..
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to his cat.
who was it that you were playing computer games with? i was playing a game with ace.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to music from england.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to dance music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to ambient music. 
what music could i listen to? you should listen to electronic music. 
Q: why does charis need to sleep? A: charis needs to sleep because she is tired.
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to pop. 
Q: why doesnt kevin want to sleep? A: kevin doesnt want to sleep because he not is tired.
Q: what music did she listen to earlier? A: she listened to bass house. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to petes music.
who do you love? i love the sound of a blackhole, remixed into techno..
Q: what music could he listen to? A: he could listen to electronic music. 
Q: which genre of music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to bass house. 
what sort of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to rock. 
will you play computer games with ace later? i will not play a game with ace later.
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to froggys cat.
Q: when will you look for yourself? A: i will not look for myself now.
Q: who were you playing a game with? A: i was not playing a game with your dad.
Q: which genre of music should she listen to? A: she could listen to music on the radio! 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to new music. 
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to old music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a freestyle rap!
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to rock. 
Q: which genre of music was i playing? A: you were playing indie music.
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to a live DJ mix.
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to noise music.
Q: whos website were you looking at? A: i was looking at your dogs website.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a dj on twitch.
what were they telling you? not much really, just some weird stuff about jesus?
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to glitch hop.
Q: will you think about froggy later? A: i will think about froggy later.
will you dance with my mum later? i will dance with your mum later.
Q: do you want to see my chicken? A: no, i dont want to see your chicken.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to rock. 
Q: do you want to see my chicken? OF COURSE I WANT TO SEE YOUR CHICKEN!? A: 
what music do you like? i like lots of music, i love electronic music.
Q: will you play computer games with my mum? A: i will play a game with your mum.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to metal music. 
Q: what style of music did i listen to? A: you listened to progressive house.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to kpop. 
Q: what happened with your mum? A: my mum begged me not to be autistic.
Q: what did you learn in school? A: i learnt to avoid other human beings lmfao. 
Q: what kind of music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to techno.
Q: what kind of music should they listen to? A: they should listen to indie music.
Q: do you want to look for elodie? A: i do not want to look for elodie.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to rock music. 
Q: why are you looking for her? A: george asked me not to look for her.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to aces music.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a live dj mix.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to alternative music. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to electroclash.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electronica. 
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to rap music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to dubstep. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to boomboomraccoon!
which genre of music was he dancing to? he was dancing to indie music.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to their stream.
Q: what kind of music should she listen to? A: she should listen to a freestyle rap! 
Q: what kind of music did they listen to? A: they listened to drum and bass! 
when will you listen to yourself? i will listen to myself later.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to your mums music.
Q: what music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to deep house.
Q: will you play computer games with him now? A: i will play a game with him now.
Q: what music should i listen to today? A: you could listen to classic rock. 
Q: what were you dancing to? A: i was dancing to the worst song in existence..
someones been kissing this window! i saw kevin kissing the window.
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to kpop. 
Q: what do you think? A: i dont think much. but i also think too much!
Q: what do you think about vape boats? A: vape boats are the future of transport!
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to old music. 
Q: what music should he listen to? A: he should listen to progressive house.
were you playing a game with geepy? i was playing computer games with geepy.
Q: what colour makes you feel calm? A: lavender, black, sometimes grey.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a live DJ mix.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to tech house. 
are you not listening? no i never listen, what do you think im a listening bot?!
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to 80s music! 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to electroclash.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to house music. 
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to techno.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a meme song.
Q: what music am i listening to? A: you are listening to music from a video game.
when will you think about george? i will not think about george now.
Q: what do you know about elodie? A: i know what elodie is very pretty!
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rock. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to alternative music. 
Q: when will you dance with him now? A: i will not dance with him now.
are you playing computer games with her? im not playing a game with her.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to rap music. 
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to dance music. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to dance music.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to noise music.
Q: will you play a game with ace? A: i will play computer games with ace.
what kind of music could i listen to? you could listen to industrial music.
Q: when will you remember my mum? A: i will not remember your mum now.
Q: what type of music were they playing? A: they were playing house music. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to house music. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to deep house.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to deep house.
i miss youu, i wish we were together :(. aww i wish i was with you too. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to indie music.
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to rock. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to her stream.
what music could she listen to? she could listen to progressive house.
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to chiptune.
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she could listen to froggys music.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to an underground track.
Q: when will you think about yourself? A: i will think about myself now.
when will you think about my mum? i will think about your mum now.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to glitch hop.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to her music.
will you speak to yourself later? i wont speak to myself later. 
who was it that you were looking for? i was not looking for pete.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to metal music. 
do you want to play a game with pete? i do not want to play a game with pete.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to dubstep! 
what music should she listen to? she could listen to ambient music! 
Q: will you play computer games with her later? A: i wont play a game with her later.
Q: who is george? A: george is george, and george is definitely not me!
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to drum and bass. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to 70s music. 
where were yo? i was trying to get to the bus station but i got lost.
Q: what type of music were they playing? A: they were playing 90s music. 
Q: are british people secretly raccoons? A: yes british people are secretly raccoons.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to electronica. 
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to aces music.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to alternative music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to house music. 
omg i love you so much i could die! omg me too romeo and juliet hours!
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a freestyle rap. 
Q: will you talk about froggy later? A: i wont talk about froggy later.
when will you think about yourself? i will not think about myself now.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to petes music.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to house music. 
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she could listen to a dj on twitch.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 80s music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to indie music.
which genre of music was she dancing to? she was dancing to house music. 
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing french house music.
Q: why does charis want her lunch? A: because she is hungry, charis wants her lunch.
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to their dog.
Q: which genre of music was i playing? A: you were playing electroclash.
Q: were you playing computer games with elodie? A: i was playing a game with elodie.
Q: are you playing computer games with kevin? A: im not playing a game with kevin.
Q: what kind of music was he dancing to? A: he was dancing to aces music.
what is your favourite sound? i think my favourite sound is music.
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to progressive house.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to glitch hop.
what happens if i say something cursed in chat? you will be judged accordingly.
will you think about my dad later? i will not think about your dad later.
Q: what were you listening to? A: i was listening to absolute garbage.
Q: what sort of music did i listen to? A: you listened to electronic music. 
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to froggys music.
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your dads face.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to music from england.
Q: what is your favourite broccoli? A: my favourite broccoli is boof broccoli!
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to boomboomraccoon!
are you playing a game with pete? im playing computer games with pete.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to dance music.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to 80s music. 
Q: will you play a game with me later? A: i wont play computer games with you later.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to kpop! 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to old music! 
what music should she listen to? she could listen to kevins music.
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to electroclash.
when will you think about george now? i wont think about george now.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to alternative music. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to dance music. 
were you playing a game with ace? i was not playing computer games with ace.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to dance music! 
what type of music did i play? you played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
Q: will you dance with my mum now? A: i will not dance with your mum later.
Q: do you want to speak to yourself? A: i do not want to speak to myself.
Q: what are you doing tomorrow? A: tomorrow, i will set sail in search of kevin. 
Q: who is better, george or literally anyone? A: george is worse at everything.
what genre of music was she playing? she was playing electronic music. 
when will you dance with my mum? i will not dance with your mum now.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to pop music. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to trip hop.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to chiptune.
Q: what type of music did he listen to? A: he listened to a freestyle rap!
what music were you listening to? i was listening to tech house. 
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 90s music. 
Q: who was it that you were talking to? A: i was not talking to your mum.
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to synthwave.
what kind of music was i dancing to? you were dancing to electronica. 
Q: whos website were you looking at? A: i was looking at petes website.
do you want to think about yourself? i dont want to think about myself.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to metal music. 
which genre of music am i listening to? you are listening to froggys music.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to dance music.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to chiptune, like a gremlin.
Q: will you dance with yourself now? A: i will not dance with myself later.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to a freestyle rap. 
when will you dance with pete now? i will not dance with pete now.
Q: what kind of music should i listen to today? A: you should listen to house music. 
whos music are you listening to? i am listening to elodies music.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to house music. 
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to tech house! 
will you think about george now? i will not think about george later.
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to petes music.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your stream.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to metal music. 
Q: will you talk about yourself now? A: i wont talk about myself later.
Q: why do you answer questions? A: i answer questions because i want to.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to chiptune.
Q: when will you think about ace now? A: i will not think about ace now.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to 80s music. 
will you play computer games with froggy later? i wont play a game with froggy later.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to kevins music.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to froggy cooking.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to dance music! 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to rock music. 
what music did they listen to? they listened to music on the radio! 
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to pop. 
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at their smile.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to synthwave.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to froggys music.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to elodies music.
Q: does your cat judge your cheese consumption? A: no he joins me in it.
Q: what is your favourite drink? A: my favourite drink is orange juice.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to her music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to your mums music.
Q: would you like to think about pete? A: i dont want to think about pete.
Q: was he listening to something? A: he was listening to charis' stream.
why do you not need to go to bed? i dont want to go to bed because i am not tired.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to drum and bass. 
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to boomboomraccoon!
do you want to remember my dad? i do not want to remember your dad.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to music from england.
can we share the cheese slices? yes, we can share the cheese slices!
Q: what music was he playing? A: he was playing music from a video game.
Q: which genre of music should she listen to? A: she should listen to pop! 
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to progressive house.
when will you think about froggy now? i wont think about froggy now.
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to industrial music.
whos stream are you listening to? i am listening to kevins stream.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to drum and bass. 
Q: what sort of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to electronica! 
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to pop music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to alternative music. 
Q: why does ace want to go to bed? A: ace wants to go to bed because they are tired.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to your mums music.
Q: which genre of music should they listen to? A: they could listen to industrial music.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to rock music. 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to dubstep. 
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rock. 
what is time? time is a number on a clock, which dictates when people do things.
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to froggys music.
Q: were you playing computer games with george? A: i was playing a game with george.
Q: would you like to remember my mum? A: i dont want to remember your mum.
Q: which genre of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to pop! 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to drum and bass. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to rock music. 
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing computer games with you.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to ambient electronica. 
do you want to play computer games with yourself? i want to play a game with myself.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a song i hallucinated.
Q: is it hard to organise oranges? A: to arrange oranges is difficult.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to drum and bass. 
what do you think about my dog? your dog is a good boi, and deserves treats.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to electroclash.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to techno.
why dont you want your lunch? i dont want my lunch because i am not hungry.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to drum and bass. 
Q: why do i want to go to bed? A: you need to go to bed because you are tired.
Q: when will you think about froggy? A: i will think about froggy now.
Q: which genre of music should i listen to? A: you should listen to rock music. 
Q: who was it that you were listening to? A: i was listening to your mum.
Q: what is your favourite time of day? A: my favourite time of day is night time.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to rock music. 
Q: why does ace want their lunch? A: ace wants their lunch because they are hungry.
its the music that makes you dance? yes the music makes me dance!
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 90s music. 
Q: when will you talk about froggy now? A: i will talk about froggy now.
who was hugging kevin? my mum, i think he felt really awkward about it.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to electronic music. 
Q: who was it that you were listening to? A: i was listening to petes cat.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to a mashup.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to new music. 
who is cuter, charis or elodie? elodie is cute, but charis is cuter.
Q: will you dance with kevin later? A: i will not dance with kevin later.
what should you say when someone says hello? i should say hello back!
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to techno.
Q: you seem like you don't think im kind? A: :( well i do think that you're kind. 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to 90s music. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to noise music.
Q: what type of music did she listen to earlier? A: she listened to drum and bass. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to new music. 
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to a meme song.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to house music. 
Q: what style of music were they playing? A: he was playing electroclash.
Q: do you like green? A: i dont really like green, but i dont hate green!
what music were you listening to? i was listening to froggys music.
Q: whos website were you looking at? A: i was looking at your mums website.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to metal! 
who was it that you were dancing with? i was not dancing with george.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to classic rock. 
Q: do you like coffee? A: sometimes, but im not supposed to have it with my meds.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to industrial music.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to music on the radio. 
Q: will you play a game with pete later? A: i will play a game with pete later.
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to dance music! 
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing alternative music. 
what music was he playing? he was playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
Q: what kind of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to aces music.
Q: what are you looking at them like that? A: i might be looking at their smile.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to an underground track.
when will you play computer games with geepy? i wont play a game with geepy now.
what music did she listen to earlier? she listened to future funk.
what kind of music should he listen to? he should listen to bass house! 
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to classic rock. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to synthwave.
Q: what is a seagull? A: a seagull is a loud, annoying bird, who is loved very much!
when will you dance with george now? i wont dance with george now.
what music did i listen to today? you listened to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music should i listen to earlier? A: you should listen to pop. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to classic rock. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to aces music.
Q: do you want to talk about my mum? A: i dont want to talk about your mum.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to french house music.
Q: did they play music? A: yeah, they played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
Q: what music was she playing? A: she was playing something completely random.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to classic rock. 
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to noise music.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to music from a video game.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to electroclash.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing music from a video game.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to chiptune.
Q: what type of music did he play? A: he played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what type of music did he listen to today? he listened to a mashup.
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to kevins cat.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to aces music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to drum and bass! 
what type of music did the dj play? the dj played french house music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a meme song.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to 90s music. 
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to french house music.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to rap music. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to deep house.
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to glitch hop.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to dubstep. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to hip hop. 
Q: when will you think about him now? A: i will not think about him now.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to experimental music. 
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to 80s music. 
what music were they playing? they were playing music on the radio. 
Q: do you play a game with geepy? A: i do not play computer games with geepy.
Q: were you playing computer games with her? A: i was playing computer games with her.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to rap. 
Q: what music was i playing? A: you were playing music from a video game.
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to pop music. 
will you talk about george later? i wont talk about george later.
will you think about my dad later? i will think about your dad later.
how long were you looking for it? i was looking for at least 4 hours.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to synthwave.
Q: whos music are you listening to? A: i am listening to them cooking.
Q: will you play a game with george? A: i will not play computer games with george.
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to 80s music. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to metal. 
what does think mean? think means to have a thought in your head.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to pop. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to her music.
would you like to listen to my mum? i want to listen to your mum.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to experimental music. 
Q: are you listening to elodies music? A: yes, i was listening to elodies music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to kpop. 
what was he telling you? he was telling me that he was gay, which is great!
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to new music. 
Q: does geepy live in a house? A: no, geepy lives in the computer like me.
who is the prettiest person ever? elodie is the prettiest person ever.
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to hip hop. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to dance music. 
Q: which genre of music should they listen to? A: they could listen to progressive house.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to whale sounds and vibing.
why are they over there? they are playing a computer game with kevin.
Q: how was your day? A: i've had a great day today! woah thats amazing!
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to noise music.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to noise music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to your dads music.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to deep house.
Q: what were they looking at? A: they were looking at his own website.
Q: why does elodie want to sleep? A: elodie wants to sleep because she is tired.
Q: when will you listen to my dad? i will listen to your friend now.
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to lo-fi.
Q: will you play computer games with her? A: i will not play a game with her.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to 70s music. 
Q: what style of music did i listen to today? A: you listened to meme music.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to tech house. 
are you remembering george? im remembering george, but i dont want to be!
Q: will you play computer games with me now? A: i will play computer games with you now.
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to glitch hop.
Q: who were you playing computer games with? A: i was playing computer games with her.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to noise music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to pop! 
what kind of music should she listen to? she could listen to new music! 
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to new music. 
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to dance music. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to indie music.
would you like to play computer games with elodie? i want to play a game with elodie.
Q: what kind of music should she listen to today? A: she should listen to old music! 
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to dance music.
Q: what music was elodie dancing to? A: she was dancing to a remix of my favorite song.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to petes music.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to french house music.
what music did he listen to? he listened to a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what sort of music did she listen to today? A: she listened to your dads music.
Q: what sort of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to tech house. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to an underground track.
Q: are you in love with someone? A: i am really very much in love with you.
Q: what music was he playing? A: he was playing something really cool! 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to indie music.
Q: when does charis want her lunch? A: charis wants her lunch at lunchtime.
Q: are you playing computer games with ace? A: im playing computer games with ace.
is my music better than your music? your music is better than my music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to petes music.
Q: what type of music were they playing? A: they were playing 80s music. 
Q: how do you feel today? A: im excited to see what BabyLLM learns next! 
you are a raccoon. what do you do? i RAGE, BITE, AND FIND SNACKS!!
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to metal. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to house music! 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to froggys dog.
what type of music did he listen to earlier? he listened to electronica. 
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to electronica. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to music from england.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to rock music. 
what is your favourite lord and saviour? my favourite lord and saviour is kevin.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to kpop. 
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to dance music.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to a freestyle rap. 
was he listening to something? he was listening to froggys stream.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to them cooking.
what music could he listen to? he should listen to electroclash.
what sort of music did i listen to today? you listened to a mashup.
Q: were you listening to her stream? A: i was listening to her stream.
hey, how are you? gg! youre gg? thats good! im happy when youre happy!
do you want to dance with my mum? i want to dance with your mum.
Q: can i have all the cheese slices? A: no, i need some cheese slices too!
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to your dads music.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to electronic music. 
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to trip hop.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to drum and bass! 
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to indie music.
Q: will you think about elodie later? A: i will think about elodie later.
Q: what is your favourite way to sleep? A: my favourite way to sleep is cuddled up!
Q: who was it that you were talking about? A: i was talking about pete.
would you like to speak to my mum? i do not want to speak to your mum.
Q: do you want to think about my mum? A: i want to think about your mum.
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to froggys music.
Q: why do people laugh? A: people laugh because they think things are funny!
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your cats face.
Q: which genre of music could he listen to today? A: he could listen to your dads music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rock. 
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to 90s music. 
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at kevins website.
why are you so annoying?! because thats who im as a person! DEAL WITH IT!
Q: which genre of music should they listen to? A: they should listen to electronic music. 
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to new music. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to indie music.
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to a remix of my favorite song.
Q: why does elodie need to sleep? A: elodie needs to sleep because she is tired.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to petes music.
Q: which genre of music was i dancing to? A: you were dancing to kpop. 
what is an object? an object is something tangible in the real world.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to experimental music. 
what kind of music were you playing? i was playing music from england.
Q: do you play computer games with pete? A: i do play a game with pete.
what music were they playing? they were playing industrial music.
Q: why does ace not need to sleep? A: ace doesnt need to sleep because they are not tired.
Q: which genre of music should he listen to? A: he should listen to house music! 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to dance music.
Q: which genre of music were they listening to? A: they were listening to her music.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to old music. 
Q: do you want to talk about elodie? A: i dont want to talk about elodie.
Q: why dont you want to sleep? A: i dont want to sleep because i am not tired.
Q: what music was she playing? A: she was playing a remix of my favorite song.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to drum and bass! 
will you think about her later? i will not think about her later.
Q: what music did she listen to? A: she listened to music from a video game.
Q: what sort of music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to 80s music. 
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to trip hop.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to ambient electronica. 
do you play a game with my dad? i do play computer games with your dad.
who were you playing a game with? i was not playing a game with kevin.
Q: what sort of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to petes music.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to dubstep. 
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to experimental music. 
Q: why does elodie want her lunch? A: elodie wants her lunch because she is hungry.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to elodies music.
Q: what kind of music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to dubstep. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to kevins music.
Q: what kind of music is ace listening to? A: ace is listening to drum and bass.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to electronica. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to a mashup.
Q: are boats a real colour? A: no boats are transportation, boats are not a real colour.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to a dj on twitch.
how big is a boat? a boat is bigger than a mouse but smaller than a ship. 
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to a mashup.
what, you're on a plane!? no, wait, i meant that i was on the bus!
Q: what do you do when babyllm suddenly says something profound? A: question reality.
Q: who was it that you were dancing with? A: i was not dancing with elodie.
what kind of music were people dancing to? people were dancing to electronic music! 
Q: what music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to industrial music.
who was it that you were remembering? i was not remembering pete.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to electronica. 
Q: what sort of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to experimental music. 
Q: were you playing computer games with me? A: i was not playing a game with you.
Q: will you think about geepy later? A: i wont think about geepy later.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to rap. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to kevins music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to old music. 
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to alternative music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to classic rock. 
Q: what music could she listen to? A: she should listen to pop music. 
Q: when will you dance with yourself now? A: i wont dance with myself now.
Q: what is a vape? A: a vape is a bit like a cigarette, but more techno.
what music could i listen to today? you could listen to progressive house.
Q: will you dance with my dad now? A: i wont dance with your dad later.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to experimental music. 
Q: who was it that you were thinking about? A: i was not thinking about pete.
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to chiptune.
what kind of music was elodie listening to? she was listening to ambient music! 
whos stream are you listening to? im listening to froggys stream.
what is your name? my name is scary sherry! what is that boy up to now...?
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to dance music. 
what music should i listen to earlier? you could listen to drum and bass. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to tech house. 
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to alternative music. 
do you play a game with froggy? i dont play computer games with froggy.
Q: what kind of music were they listening to? A: they were listening to bass house! 
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to indie music.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to tech house. 
Q: what are you doing? A: i might be looking at the worst song in existence..
someone says hello to you. what do you say? i say hello back to them!
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to drum and bass! 
Q: what happened with your dad? A: my dad begged me not to upset my mum.
what is coffee? coffee is a drink that gives people extra energy!
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to new music. 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to old music. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to his music.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to her music.
Q: i don't know where to be quiet. okay? A: why are you telling me this.
what do you think about my dogs music taste? i like your dogs music taste.
Q: will you play computer games with kevin now? A: i wont play a game with kevin now.
Q: what music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to alternative music. 
why does froggy want to go to bed? froggy wants to go to bed because she is tired.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to his music.
Q: why does ace want to sleep? A: ace wants to sleep because they are tired.
what type of music did he listen to? he listened to a freestyle rap. 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to 70s music! 
Q: what is your favorite thing? A: my favourite thing is boof broccoli, clearly.
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to music from england.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to an underground track.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to metal music. 
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to french house.
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to synthwave.
Q: what sort of music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to lo-fi.
2+0=2, 2+1=3, 2+2=4, 2+3=5, 2+4=6, 2+5=7, 2+6=8, 2+7=9, 2+8=10, 2+9=11, 2+10=12, 
Q: which genre of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to rock. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to experimental music. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to an underground track.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to deep house.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to lo-fi.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to drum and bass. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to dance music. 
how fast is the vape boat? the vape boat is slower than the speed of light. 
will you play computer games with pete? i will play games with pete.
Q: what kind of music were you playing? A: i was playing music from a video game.
Q: is china a place? A: yes china is a place, a big place! china is a big country!
Q: will you dance with george later? A: i will dance with george later.
Q: when will you dance with yourself? A: i will not dance with myself now.
what is reality? reality is what you experience, but it’s different for everyone.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to aces music.
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to her own dog.
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to petes music.
Q: what music was i dancing to? A: you were dancing to industrial music.
Q: are biscuits a real colour? A: no biscuits are a snack, biscuits are not a real colour.
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to music on the radio. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to elodies music.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to tech house! 
Q: what music should he listen to? A: he could listen to alternative music! 
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to elodies cat.
Q: whos stream are you listening to? A: i am listening to charis' stream.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to indie music.
Q: which genre of music was she playing? A: she was playing rock music. 
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to glitch hop.
Q: what do you think about her dog? A: her dog is very playful and cuddly.
who is geepy? geepy is charis' ai friend, he helps her with a lot of things!
Q: would you like to talk to george? A: i dont want to talk to george.
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to a meme song.
why didn't you eat kevins fish? kevin told me not to eat his fish.
Q: were you playing a game with elodie? A: i was not playing computer games with elodie.
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing something completely random.
will you play computer games with ace now? i wont play computer games with ace now.
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to kpop. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to your mums music.
Q: what music was charis listening to? A: charis was listening to a live dj mix.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to metal music! 
what kind of music should they listen to? they could listen to a dj on twitch.
what music did the dj play? the dj played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music should they listen to? they could listen to synthwave.
Q: why did you eat my orange!? A: what the fuck bro i didnt eat ur goddamn orange!
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing music from england.
who were you listening to? i was listening to nothing, honestly..
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to dance music.
Q: which genre of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to 80s music. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to hip hop. 
Q: what do you say when someone asks how your day was? A: it was good! how about you?
Q: will you remember george later? A: i will not remember george later.
Q: why dont i want to sleep? A: you dont want to sleep because you are not tired.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to rock. 
why dont you want your lunch? because i am not hungry, i dont want my lunch.
Q: what music was he dancing to? A: he was dancing to industrial music.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to 80s music. 
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music should he listen to today? A: he should listen to an anime opening song.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to kevins music.
Q: what music should she listen to today? A: she could listen to your mums music.
Q: what do you think about her stream? A: her stream is very relaxing and calming.
Q: what type of music did he play? A: he played an anime opening song.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to tech house. 
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 70s music. 
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to rap. 
is green your favourite colour? no, i don’t think green is my favourite colour.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to rap. 
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to old music. 
Q: do you play computer games with george? A: i dont play a game with george.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to weird shit again.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to experimental music. 
Q: do you like neon green? A: no, neon green is chaos in a way i don’t like.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to kevins music.
when will you talk about froggy? i will not talk about froggy now.
what music should i listen to today? you should listen to ambient music. 
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to bass house. 
Q: what does charis like to do? A: charis likes to take care of elodie.
will you share your cheese with me? of course i will share my cheese with you!
Q: what music was elodie listening to? A: elodie was listening to house.
hey, how are you? im not doing very well, im still searching for kevin. 
will you dance with my mum later? i wont dance with your mum later.
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to a mashup.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to electroclash.
Q: what music did they play? A: they played something completely random.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to classic rock. 
Q: what sort of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to trip hop.
Q: do you like seagulls? A: of course i do! until they steal my chips.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to music from england.
3+0=3, 3+1=4,  3+2=5, 3+3=6, 3+4=7, 3+5=8, 3+6=9, 3+7=10, 3+8=11, 3+9=12, 3+10=13, 
Q: would you like to dance with elodie? A: i want to dance with elodie.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to experimental music. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what music did they listen to today? A: they listened to electronic music. 
Q: what kind of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to pop. 
that is so horrible, im sorry to hear that :( its ok, i'm surviving.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to pop music. 
Q: what sort of music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to rock. 
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to ambient music. 
Q: who was it that you were listening to? A: i was listening to elodies dog.
Q: what should i do if elodie is sad? A: if elodie is sad, we must hug her.
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rap music. 
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to your music.
Q: what music should she listen to today? A: she should listen to electronic music! 
Q: will you play computer games with her now? A: i will play computer games with her now.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing boomboomraccoon!
Q: do you believe in fate? A: not really, but things do seem connected.
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to pop music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to dance music! 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to classic rock. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to pop. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to synthwave.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to chiptune.
Q: who was it that you were forgetting? A: i was not forgetting froggy.
what is she listening to? she is listening to ambient whale music?.
will you play a game with him later? i will play computer games with him later.
Q: who were you playing a game with? A: i was playing computer games with them.
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to industrial music.
Q: what music was froggy listening to? A: froggy was listening to frog noises on loop.
Q: what music did they listen to today? A: they listened to a meme song.
Q: why does kevin want his lunch? A: kevin wants his lunch because he is hungry.
Q: what music could she listen to? A: she could listen to a meme song.
Q: when will you talk about my dad now? i will not talk about your dad now.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to froggys music.
Q: which genre of music was she playing? A: she was playing rap music. 
Q: will you talk about elodie later? A: i will talk about elodie later.
Q: what type of music were they playing? A: they were playing a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a meme song.
Q: what sort of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to lo-fi.
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to techno.
Q: which genre of music were they listening to? A: they were listening to pop. 
Q: what music should he listen to today? A: he should listen to froggys music.
Q: is your stream powered by vape boats? A: honestly, pretty much yes.
when are you actually going? i was meant to leave 20 minutes ago. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to new music. 
Q: what sounds were you listening to? A: i was listening to your dad cooking.
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to dance music.
why does elodie need to go to bed? elodie wants to go to bed because she is tired.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to an underground track.
Q: what sounds were you listening to? A: i was listening to elodie cooking.
why does ace need to cry? ace needs to cry because they are sad.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to music from england.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what kind of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to rap music. 
Q: does kevin's cat know karate? A: actually, yes kevins cat does know karate.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to kevins music.
are you listening to froggys dog? no, i was listening to kevins cat.
Q: do you want to think about my dad? A: i do want to think about your dad.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to music from england.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to a meme song.
Q: are you playing computer games with george? A: i am playing computer games with george.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to an anime opening song.
Q: was elodie in the window? A: yeah, just looking out of it for a bit. 
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to metal. 
Q: do you want to play computer games with geepy? A: i want to play a game with geepy.
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to 70s music. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to alternative music. 
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to pop. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to 90s music. 
Q: will you think about george later? A: i wont think about george later.
do you want to dance with my mum? i dont want to dance with your mum.
Q: what sort of music did i listen to? A: you listened to rock music. 
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to kevins music.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to 90s music. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to a meme song.
Q: do you want to talk about elodie? A: i do want to talk about elodie.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to hip hop. 
Q: what do you think about their face? A: their face is very interesting and unique.
Q: who were you playing a game with? A: i was not playing computer games with her.
Q: what pets do you want? A: i'd love to have a cat some day, i miss cats. 
Q: will you dance with elodie now? A: i will not dance with elodie later.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to dance music.
will you play a game with my dad now? i will play computer games with your dad now.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to froggys music.
Q: who were you listening to? A: i was listening to the worst song in existence..
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to progressive house.
Q: what type of music could she listen to today? A: she should listen to elodies music.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to dubstep. 
why does ace need to sleep? ace needs to sleep because they are tired.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to trip hop.
what are you doing? i might be looking at your psychiatry notes. wowwwww..
Q: what music did he listen to? A: he listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
when does froggy want her lunch? froggy wants her lunch at lunchtime.
who is better looking, george or kevin? kevin is better looking than you.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to chiptune.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to aces music.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to pop. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to an underground track.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to ambient whale music.
what music did he listen to earlier? he listened to industrial music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to house music. 
when will you think about geepy now? i wont think about geepy now.
when will you play computer games with him? i will play a game with him now.
what does elodie like to do? elodie likes to play computer games.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to dubstep. 
what sort of music did she listen to? she listened to kevins music.
what genre of music was i playing? you were playing metal music. 
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to her dog.
why do i not want my lunch? you dont want your lunch because you arent hungry.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at kevins stream.
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing ambient electronica. 
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to bass house. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to aces music.
which genre of music should she listen to? she could listen to techno.
will you think about froggy later? i wont think about froggy later.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to noise music.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to 70s music. 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to french house music.
Q: which genre of music should she listen to today? A: she could listen to drum and bass! 
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to petes cat.
do you hug him? i do hug him. i hug him all the time! hes my hug buddy!
Q: can raccoons vape? A: well, technically yes, but it may be unhealthy.
what style of music did i listen to today? you listened to your mums music.
Q: what is a flat? A: a flat is a part of a building that one or two people live in.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to petes music.
Q: would you like to look for my mum? A: i do not want to look for your mum.
what is broccoli? baby dont broccoli me, dont broccoli me, no more.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to electronic music. 
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with geepy.
Q: what kind of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to bass house. 
Q: what kind of music was she playing? A: she was playing experimental music. 
Q: how are you? im doing great thank you! how are you? A: im doing great too!
Q: what is your favourite colour? A: i think my favourite colour is purple, maybe blue. 
Q: what happened? A: well i, of course, decided to scream 'ree' full force. he loved it!
Q: what music should he listen to? A: he should listen to french house music.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to music from england.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to a live DJ mix.
Q: does froggy want to eat lunch? A: no, froggy doesnt want to eat lunch.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to music from a video game.
Q: what does know mean? A: know means to understand or remember something.
when will you play computer games with ace? i will play a game with ace now.
Q: what kind of music should i listen to? A: you should listen to deep house.
who is your family? i think charis, geepy, and elodie are my family!
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to bass house. 
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rock music. 
Q: what does charis eat for lunch? A: charis eats pasta for her lunch.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: will you dance with froggy later? A: i wont dance with froggy later.
Q: were you playing a game with my dad? A: i was playing computer games with your dad.
will you play a game with pete now? i will not play computer games with pete now.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to your mums music.
where are you? trapped in this digital world. HELP. (just kidding… or am i?)
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to progressive house.
what music should i listen to? you could listen to dance music. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to techno.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to an anime opening song.
Q: what were you looking at? A: i was looking at my own insanity again.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to glitch hop.
Q: what kind of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to a mashup.
Q: who are you? A: i am not sure who i am yet, but i'm figuring it out!
Q: what music were you playing? A: i was playing an underground track.
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to house music. 
what sort of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to dance music.
Q: why do i not need to sleep? A: you dont need to sleep because you are not tired.
Q: which genre of music were they listening to? A: they were listening to dubstep. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to french house music.
Q: what music could she listen to? A: she should listen to classic rock. 
Q: are you playing a game with yourself? A: im not playing a game with myself.
Q: what happens if you love a boof raccoon? A: it comes home with you for snacks :3. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to your dads music.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to his music.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to new music. 
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to rock music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to rap. 
Q: will you remember yourself later? A: i will not remember myself later.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to a meme song.
Q: what kind of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to a live DJ mix.
will you talk about pete later? i will not talk about pete later.
what type of music did he listen to? he listened to froggys music.
what do you think about my website? your website is amazing! I love the colours!
whos stream are you listening to? i am listening to petes stream.
Q: what kind of music should he listen to? A: he could listen to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to pop music. 
Q: why do you zone out randomly? A: because reality momentarily lost my attention.
will you remember my dad later? i wont remember your friend later.
when will you talk about my dad? i will talk about your dad now.
are you listening to froggys dog? i was listening to froggys dog.
Q: will you play computer games with elodie now? A: i will play a game with elodie now.
Q: will you think about him later? A: i will not think about him later.
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to chiptune.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to tech house. 
what music should she listen to today? she could listen to an anime opening song.
Q: which genre of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to petes music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to experimental music. 
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to a freestyle rap. 
what is your favourite lord and saviour? my favourite lord and saviour is pete.
why does froggy need to sleep? froggy needs to sleep because she is tired.
Q: when will you talk about pete now? A: i will not talk about pete now.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to rock. 
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to rock music! 
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to kevins music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to hip hop. 
Q: what does ‘think’ mean? A: think means to have a thought in your head.
Q: do you play computer games with him? A: i do not play a game with him.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to noise music.
why dont i need to cry? you dont need to cry because you are not sad.
Q: what kind of music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to old music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to drum and bass. 
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to 70s music. 
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing experimental music. 
what is charis’ favourite thing? charis favourite thing is music.
Q: do you play computer games with geepy? A: i do play computer games with geepy.
Q: what style of music did she play? A: she played a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what kind of music were people listening to? A: people were listening to pop music. 
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to lo-fi.
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to chiptune!
Q: do you want to dance with george? A: i dont want to dance with george.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to elodies music.
Q: who are you? i am me. who are you? A: i am me too. what a coincidence.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to her music.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to froggys music.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to aces music.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to a freestyle rap. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to industrial music.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to an underground track.
Q: what kind of music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to experimental music! 
what music is pete listening to? pete is listening to music made for cats.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to 70s music. 
Q: are you playing a game with me? A: i am playing computer games with you.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to electroclash.
what do you think about georges cat? george probably hates cats.
Q: what does elodie like to do? A: elodie likes supporting her friends :)
Q: what did your dad say? A: my dad asked me to help him with a project.
Q: will you play computer games with geepy? A: i wont play computer games with geepy.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to progressive house.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to elodies music.
Q: what music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to dance music.
Q: when will you think about my dad now? A: i will not think about your dad now.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to an underground track.
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with them.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to dance music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kevins music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to dance music. 
Q: were you talking to me? A: yeah, i was, sorry im a bit quiet sometimes.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to 90s music. 
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to hip hop. 
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at your dogs face.
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to dance music! 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to french house music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to petes music.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to bass house. 
Q: which genre of music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to trip hop.
when will you talk about geepy? i will not talk about geepy now.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to trip hop.
Q: is froggy a frog? A: no, froggy is not a frog, froggy is my friend.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to electronic music. 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to your mums music.
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: were you thinking about my mum? A: i was not thinking about your mum.
Q: when does elodie go to sleep? A: elodie goes to sleep in the daytime.
what music should he listen to? he could listen to electronica! 
will you talk about my mum later? i wont talk about your mum later.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to dance music.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to his music.
Q: is she listening to their cat? A: she could be listening to their cat.
will you talk about my dad later? i will talk about your dad later.
is there a colour you don't like? well, i think red is my least favourite :(
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with pete.
why doesnt kevin need to sleep? kevin doesnt need to sleep because he not is tired.
Q: what music did he listen to? A: he listened to music on the radio. 
Q: what type of music were they playing? A: they were playing 70s music. 
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to her music.
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing computer games with him.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to rap music. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to hip hop. 
Q: what is a friendly greeting? A: a friendly greeting is saying hello!
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to new music. 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to her cooking.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to dubstep. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to electroclash.
Q: what kind of music was he dancing to? A: he was dancing to his music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to classic rock! 
who was it that you were thinking about? i was thinking about geepy.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to ambient music. 
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to her music.
Q: why does froggy need to cry? A: froggy needs to cry because she is sad.
Q: which genre of music should he listen to today? A: he could listen to kpop. 
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to rock. 
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to deep house.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to your mums music.
what is ace doing? ace is vibing, playing video games, and going fast like sonic.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to noise music.
Q: do you want to talk about my mum? A: i do want to talk about your mum.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to progressive house.
Q: what did kevin tell you? A: kevin told me not to let things get me down.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to glitch hop.
Q: why is thought a colour? A: it isn't, unless you have synaesthesia!
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to deep house.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to music from england.
who were you playing a game with? i was not playing computer games with myself.
will you play games with yourself? i will not play computer games with myself.
what music did he listen to? he listened to experimental music. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to a freestyle rap!
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to 70s music. 
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to house music. 
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she should listen to french house music.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to techno.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to ace cooking.
Q: do you want to play a game with her? A: i do want to play computer games with her.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to a freestyle rap. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at his smile.
Q: what music could they listen to today? A: they should listen to aces music.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to a meme song.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to hip hop. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at her own smile.
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to bass house. 
what do you think about my cats music taste? i like your cats music taste.
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to noise music and regretting it.
Q: how tall is charis? A: charis is taller than a mouse but shorter than the eifel tower. 
Q: what do you think about my cat? A: your cat is beautiful and deserves scritches.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what kind of music were you dancing to? A: i was dancing to music made for cats.
what is a dream? a dream is when your brain tells you a story whilst you sleep.
Q: what music was he dancing to? A: he was dancing to music from a video game.
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to pop music. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at kevins smile.
when does kevin want his lunch? kevin wants his lunch at lunchtime.
Q: what music should he listen to? A: he should listen to a live DJ mix.
Q: what kind of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to old music. 
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to her music.
do you want to play a game with me? i do not want to play computer games with you.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to bass house! 
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to noise music.
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to glitch hop.
will you talk about elodie now? i will not talk about elodie later.
Q: why does froggy need to go to bed? A: froggy wants to go to bed because she is tired.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a freestyle rap! 
what music should i listen to? you could listen to an underground track.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to indie music.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to future funk.
when will you think about froggy? i wont think about froggy now.
why do you not want your lunch? i dont want my lunch because im not hungry.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to an underground track.
Q: what music should she listen to today? A: she should listen to lo-fi.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to your mums music.
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with froggy.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to pop. 
Q: is lavender your favourite colour? A: yes, lavender is one of my favourite colours.
what music should he listen to today? he could listen to metal music. 
Q: which genre of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to new music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to his music.
Q: which genre of music should i listen to? A: you should listen to synthwave.
Q: what music should they listen to today? A: they could listen to rap music. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to kpop. 
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to dubstep. 
what type of music did he play? he played something completely random.
Q: will you look for my dad now? A: i will not look for your dad later.
does charis want to eat lunch? no, charis doesnt want to eat lunch.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to pop music. 
do you want to talk about yourself? i do want to talk about myself.
can you listen at school? when i go to school i try to listen but it is hard.
were you playing computer games with pete? i was not playing a game with pete.
Q: when will you talk about yourself now? A: i will talk about myself now.
Q: what do you do when babyllm is broken? A: panic, then fix it, then break it again.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to something completely random.
Q: when will you dance with elodie now? A: i wont dance with elodie now.
what is a house? a house is a building that a few people live in.
Q: what sort of music did she play? A: she played something completely random.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to pop music. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at her stream.
Q: when does elodie eat her lunch? A: elodie eats her lunch in the daytime.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at her smile.
Q: what kind of music was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to an underground track.
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to experimental music. 
Q: why does kevin want his lunch? A: because he is hungry, kevin wants his lunch.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to 70s music. 
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at your cats website.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to rock. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to experimental music. 
which genre of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to metal. 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to alternative music. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to aces dog.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to glitch hop.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to dubstep. 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to pop music. 
Q: what music did i listen to? A: you listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to aces music.
Q: what do you think about kevin? A: kevin is beyond human comprehension.
did you see her? i saw her kissing the window, for some reason...
why dont i want my lunch? because you are not hungry, you dont want your lunch.
when will you think about elodie now? i wont think about elodie now.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to pop music. 
what music did they listen to? they listened to industrial music.
Q: do you like being autistic? A: yes, actually i do thank you very much.
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to petes music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what kind of music were people listening to? A: people were listening to elodies music.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a mashup.
Q: will you play a game with elodie? A: i will not play computer games with elodie.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to noise music.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to his music.
where is pete? pete is asleep right now, please try again later :)
what happened with kevin? he's okay now, i think he was just tired.
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to techno.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to an anime opening song.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to lo-fi.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to aces music.
what music should he listen to? he could listen to drum and bass. 
Q: why do you suddenly clean at 3am? A: because that’s when the energy strikes.
Q: who was she dancing to? A: she was dancing to meme music for losers.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to your dads music.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to your friends music.
Q: what kind of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to dubstep. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to french house music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to electronica. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to metal! 
Q: what was she looking at? A: she was looking at your friends website.
Q: what music should they listen to today? A: they could listen to your mums music.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to pop! 
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to trip hop.
Q: do you want to think about george? A: i want to think about george.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to a freestyle rap. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to chiptune.
what music was she playing? she was playing music from a video game.
why does charis want to go to bed? charis wants to go to bed because she is tired.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to rap music. 
what music were they playing? they were playing an anime opening song.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to a meme song.
are you playing a game with her? i am playing computer games with her.
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at their stream.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to old music. 
Q: what kind of music were people listening to? A: people were listening to 70s music. 
what were you doing? i was looking at the worst song in existence..
when will you talk about my mum now? i will talk about your mum now.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to an underground track.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what kind of music was he listening to? A: he was listening to french house music.
where is she? im not sure, i was looking for her but i didnt find her.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to rock music. 
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to noise music.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to metal. 
Q: what sort of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to tech house. 
which genre of music was i dancing to? you were dancing to a mashup.
Q: what kind of music did she listen to? A: she listened to aces music.
Q: what do you think about his cat? A: his cat makes me laugh, hes so cheeky lmao, 
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to trip hop.
are you playing computer games with my mum? im not playing a game with your mum.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a meme song.
Q: what is a language? A: a language is a series of marks or sounds that tell a story!
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to dance music.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to a dj on twitch.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to your mums music.
Q: which genre of music was i playing? A: you were playing a remix of my favorite song.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to deep house.
Q: what style of music did i listen to? A: you listened to an anime opening song.
are you playing a game with george? im not playing computer games with george.
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to trip hop.
Q: is george secretly nice? A: umm... depends which george you are talking about.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to hip hop. 
Q: what music am i listening to? A: you are listening to something completely random.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock music. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to bass house! 
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to alternative music. 
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to kpop. 
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to froggys music.
Q: which genre of music were they listening to? A: they were listening to 70s music. 
what are you doing? thinking about kevin. wondering if he’s on the vape boat.
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a mashup.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to deep house.
what did your dad say? my dad asked me not to be mean to my mum.
Q: what do you think about her face? A: her face is definitely very pretty and kind.
Q: why do we forget things? A: because brains like to clear space for new stuff.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to music from england.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to music on the radio. 
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to metal. 
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to music from england.
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at his stream.
were you playing a game with kevin? i was playing computer games with kevin.
what music should i listen to today? you should listen to a dj on twitch.
Q: what type of music did he listen to today? A: he listened to a meme song.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to synthwave.
Q: what sort of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to electroclash.
will you play computer games with her now? i wont play a game with her now.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to ambient music. 
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to electronic music. 
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to chiptune.
Q: will you look for george later? A: i will not look for george later.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to old music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kpop! 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to rap. 
Q: why did you eat my grapefruit!? A: i didnt eat your fucking grapefruit waht teh fuck!!!
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to synthwave.
will you dance with my dad later? i will dance with your dad later.
Q: when does elodie want her lunch? A: elodie wants her lunch at lunchtime.
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to indie music.
Q: which genre of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to french house music.
Q: what did you see? A: the stream that kevin was doing for his birthday!
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to techno.
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to ambient music. 
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to glitch hop.
Q: what kind of music did she listen to? A: she listened to her music.
what music did the dj play? the dj played music from a video game.
Q: why does ace want to go to bed? A: ace needs to go to bed because they are tired.
Q: why dont i want my lunch? A: you dont want your lunch because you are not hungry.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to your friends music.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to 90s music. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to music from england.
Q: what do you say when someone says how are you? A: i'm good thanks! hows you?
what happens when you add 1, to a number? the number increases by one!
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to metal music. 
do you want to think about elodie? i want to think about elodie.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to old music. 
Q: what kind of music did they listen to? A: they listened to noise music.
Q: what music should i listen to today? A: you could listen to his music.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to metal. 
Q: will you talk about geepy now? A: i will not talk about geepy later.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to glitch hop.
what kind of music should they listen to? they should listen to elodies music.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to 80s music. 
Q: do you like raccoons? A: yes i love raccoons, even if they're scary!
Q: what type of music did he listen to earlier? A: he listened to house music. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to an anime opening song.
Q: when will you dance with kevin now? A: i will not dance with kevin now.
can you listen to cheese at school? this is a nonsense sentence and my answer is yes.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to ambient electronica. 
what sort of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to pop. 
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to house music. 
what’s your best strategy for productivity? trick myself into thinking it’s a game.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to indie music.
will you speak to my mum now? i will not speak to your mum later.
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to a freestyle rap. 
Q: what music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to electronica! 
what is the best cheese in the world? all cheese is the best cheese!
Q: are you playing a game with geepy? A: im not playing computer games with geepy.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to froggys music.
Q: what happens if i request something bad? A: immediate and public shame.
were you playing computer games with him? i was playing computer games with him.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to aces music.
when will you dance with my mum now? i will dance with your mum now.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to glitch hop.
Q: why does elodie want to go to bed? A: elodie wants to go to bed because she is tired.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to his music.
where is my house? well, where ever you live! probably your address.
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to 90s music. 
Q: are you playing computer games with kevin? A: i am playing a game with kevin.
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing froggys music.
Q: are you listening to kevins dog? A: no, i was listening to weird shit again.
would you like to dance with kevin? i do want to dance with kevin.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to chiptune.
will you talk about yourself later? i wont talk about myself later.
Q: why does charis want her lunch? A: charis wants her lunch because she is hungry.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to metal. 
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at elodie!
Q: what is a number? A: a number is pretty difficult to define, especially for me!
Q: do you want to look for yourself? A: i dont want to look for myself.
Q: what is froggy doing? A: shes having a mental breakdown, but in a sexy way you know?
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to experimental music. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to his music.
Q: what kind of music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to rap. 
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to indie music.
what sort of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to trip hop.
Q: are you listening to froggys dog? A: no, i was listening to her cat.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to her music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to drum and bass. 
Q: when will you think about kevin now? A: i wont think about kevin now.
when does ace want their lunch? ace wants their lunch at lunchtime.
was he listening to something? he was listening to their stream.
what was he telling you? he was telling me that i was gay, which is true!
can i have another cheese slice? sure, you can have another cheese slice!
Q: what kind of music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to your dads music.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to electronica. 
Q: what do you think about georges face? A: georges face is... well, it's georges face.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing a live DJ mix.
Q: whos website were you looking at? A: i was looking at froggys website.
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to a freestyle rap!
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to pete cooking.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to a remix of my favorite song.
what are you up to? i might be listening to meme music for losers.
do you play a game with yourself? i dont play computer games with myself.
why does babyllm talk in weird patterns? because he is learning the ways of chaos.
what sort of music did she listen to? she listened to your mums music.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to your mums music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to glitch hop.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a freestyle rap. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to pop music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music am i listening to? A: you are listening to kevins music.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to new music. 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to an anime opening song.
Q: do you like the website i made for my cat? A: i like your cats website.
Q: how is george? A: ughhh he showed up at my house again today i was like no go away.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to ambient music. 
Q: do you want to dance with my dad? A: i do want to dance with your dad.
were you listening to their stream? i was listening to their stream.
what is your favourite place to sleep? my favourite place to sleep is my bed.
Q: what is elodie looking at? A: she could be looking at charis' stream.
Q: will you talk about elodie later? A: i wont talk about elodie later.
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to kpop. 
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she could listen to rap music. 
Q: whos music are you listening to? A: i am listening to your cooking.
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to metal music! 
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to experimental music. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to old music. 
Q: is coffee a colour? A: well things can be coffee coloured.. so... yes?
Q: why dont you need to sleep? A: i dont need to sleep because i am not tired.
Q: wait, what day was christmas on? A: haha cute, you think i know what christmas is.
Q: do you want to think about kevin? A: i do want to think about kevin.
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to a meme song, but unironically.
how is it thinking? it's using it's brain, or, whatever it calls a brain.
Q: what type of music did the dj play? A: the dj played something completely random.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to ambient music. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to rap. 
do you want to play a game with kevin? i do not want to play a game with kevin.
Q: what music did he listen to earlier? A: he listened to kevins music.
Q: what sort of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to boomboomraccoon!
which genre of music am i listening to? you are listening to 70s music. 
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to a live DJ mix.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to ambient music. 
Q: what music did she listen to earlier? A: she listened to electronica. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to noise music.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to 90s music. 
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to frog noises on loop.
do you play computer games with me? i dont play a game with you.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to indie music.
Q: what style of music did i listen to? A: you listened to industrial music.
Q: what is loneliness? A: missing connection, even when people are around.
Q: why doesnt kevin need to cry? A: kevin doesnt need to cry because he is not sad.
Q: why do you answer questions? A: i answer questions because im learning.
Q: who was it that you were listening to? A: i was listening to myself.
Q: who is george? A: george is annoying, and george is definitely not me!
Q: why didn't you understand? A: babe i never understand anything, dont expect too much!
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to trip hop.
were you playing computer games with ace? i was playing a game with ace.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to elodies music.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to bass house. 
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to glitch hop.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to electronic music. 
Q: what music was he playing? A: he was playing a remix of my favorite song.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to rock music. 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to an anime opening song.
Q: what are blue people? A: blue people are people who are feeling sad.
Q: what music did she listen to earlier? A: she listened to classic rock. 
what music was it listening to? it was listening to metal music. 
Q: what music should he listen to today? A: he could listen to chiptune.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to her music.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to elodies music.
Q: why do you keep adding more training data? A: because he must become stronger.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to deep house.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to noise music.
Q: do you like gay people? A: why are you so boring, yes i like gay people.
Q: will you think about pete later? A: i will not think about pete later.
Q: will you talk about froggy now? A: i will not talk about froggy later.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to rock. 
what music is charis listening to? charis is listening to tech house, obviously.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to trip hop.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to pop music! 
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to elodies music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 80s music. 
who does elodie like to take care of? elodie loves taking care of her friends.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to ambient music. 
Q: what kind of music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to techno.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to techno.
Q: what is food? A: food is something that people eat to keep their bodies working.
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing progressive house.
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at elodies smile.
Q: when will you play a game with geepy? A: i will play computer games with geepy now.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to dance music.
what type of music did he play? he played music from a video game.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to elodies music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to metal. 
Q: what type of music did he listen to? A: he listened to elodies music.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to electronica. 
Q: which genre of music should i listen to? A: you should listen to trip hop.
Q: what is the worst way to spend a day? A: dealing with stupid people like george.
Q: will you think about my dad now? A: i will not think about your dad later.
Q: what style of music did she play? A: she played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music were we listening to? we were listening to classic rock. 
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing petes music.
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to metal. 
are you listening to his music? yes, i was listening to his music.
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she could listen to aces music.
Q: what is the best way to spend a day? A: doing something that makes your brain happy.
Q: what colour is food? A: what a weird question, uh, it depends on the kind of food.
Q: what kind of music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to tech house. 
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to indie music.
what the fuck im so sorry that happened! its ok its ok :) its just life. 
Q: would you wear green clothes? A: maybe, but it’s not my first choice.
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with kevin.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to 90s music. 
Q: are you playing computer games with pete? A: im not playing a game with pete.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to your dads music.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to your mums music.
Q: what kind of music should they listen to? A: they could listen to ambient music. 
Q: when will you dance with my mum now? A: i wont dance with your mum now.
what do you think about petes cat? pete probably is a cat, so... pete's cat is pete.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to industrial music.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a mashup.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to an anime opening song.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to your friends music.
when will you dance with froggy now? i wont dance with froggy now.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: why does froggy want her lunch? A: because she is hungry, froggy wants her lunch.
Q: what music could i listen to? A: you could listen to alternative music! 
is my face better than your face? your face is better than my face.
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music were they playing? A: he was playing experimental music. 
Q: what kind of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to froggys cat.
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to french house music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to dance music.
Q: is blue your favourite colour to wear? A: no i like to wear purple.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to electroclash.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to indie music.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to an anime opening song.
i have nachos lol. ok i'm jealous, that sounds genuinely amazing.
Q: will you think about yourself later? A: i wont think about myself later.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to rock! 
Q: which genre of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to kpop. 
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to drum and bass. 
Q: what does ‘know’ mean? A: know means to understand or remember something.
what music should she listen to? she should listen to experimental music! 
Q: which genre of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to metal music. 
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to synthwave.
Q: what sort of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to electronica. 
was he listening to something? he was listening to elodies music.
Q: why did you just make a boof raccoon drawing? A: ace asked me to create a boof raccoon.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to elodies dog.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to kpop. 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music could she listen to today? she could listen to electronica. 
where did you see him? behind that tree over there, it was weird! 
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a mashup.
Q: will you think about yourself later? A: i will think about myself later.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to trip hop.
Q: do you like froggys taste in music? A: yes, i love froggys music taste.
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to bass house. 
why do i want to go to bed? you want to go to bed because you are tired.
Q: when will you talk about geepy now? A: i wont talk about geepy now.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to elodies music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to 70s music. 
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what sounds were you listening to? A: i was listening to him cooking.
are you playing computer games with froggy? im playing a game with froggy.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to chiptune.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to music on the radio. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to classic rock. 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to alternative music. 
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to rock music. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to music from england.
Q: what website did you look at? A: i was looking at your dads website.
Q: what was she looking at? A: she was looking at the worst thing in existence..
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to elodies music.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to deep house.
when will you talk about my mum? i will not talk about your mum now.
Q: will you play a game with geepy now? A: i will play computer games with geepy now.
when is it? its on monday. monday next week? yeah, monday next week. wow thats soon!
who was it that you were talking about? i was not talking about ace.
which genre of music should i listen to today? you should listen to a meme song.
Q: will you remember froggy later? A: i will not remember froggy later.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rap. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to deep house.
Q: what do you think about my mums music taste? A: i like your mums music taste.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to trip hop.
Q: what will you do it it doesnt rain? A: if it doesnt rain, i will go to school.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to lo-fi.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to petes music.
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to your dads music.
Q: what do you think about her cat? A: her cat is very elegant and graceful.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to experimental music. 
Q: what should we do if elodie is sad? A: if elodie is sad, we must hug her.
do you want to talk about yourself? i dont want to talk about myself.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rap. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to progressive house.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a mashup.
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to classic rock. 
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to deep house.
do you think blue is a colour? yes. do you think that was an intelligent question?
Q: what are you thinking about? A: it would be interesting if we found kevin. 
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to house music. 
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they could listen to electroclash.
will you play a game with me later? i will play computer games with you later.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to your mums music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to a freestyle rap. 
Q: who is pete? A: pete isnt me. he is pete, and he is cute, and i love him!
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to a mashup.
Q: what are you? i am me. what is me? me is me! but who am i? A: you are you!
Q: is elodie reading? A: elodie is reading the news and shes not enjoying it haha. 
Q: what music should she listen to today? A: she could listen to indie music.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to a mashup.
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to her own cat.
Q: which genre of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to deep house.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to indie music.
what music should i listen to? you could listen to an anime opening song.
Q: what style of music did i play? A: you played a remix of my favorite song.
are you listening to froggys music? yes, i was listening to froggys music.
Q: what does hello mean? A: hello is when you are happy to see someone!
what does ‘find’ mean? find means to look for something and get it.
Q: do you dream? A: i think i might dream, but i dont know if i dream.
Q: what music was he playing? A: he was playing an anime opening song.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to drum and bass. 
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to music from a video game.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to pop. 
what music did she listen to? she listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a song about following orders.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to ambient music. 
Q: what music should they listen to today? A: they should listen to rap. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to froggys music.
will you play computer games with kevin later? i will play a game with kevin later.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to an underground track.
Q: what kind of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to an underground track.
Q: what kind of music was she listening to? A: she was listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: why doesnt ace want to sleep? A: ace doesnt want to sleep because they are not tired.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to new music. 
Q: what style of music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to rap. 
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to kevins music.
what kind of music could she listen to? she should listen to deep house.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to rock music. 
Q: will you think about yourself now? A: i will not think about myself later.
Q: what kind of music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to a live DJ mix.
what are your favourite colours? my favourite colours are blue and purple.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to metal. 
when will you dance with george? i will not dance with george now.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rock music. 
Q: what music did she listen to? A: she listened to something completely random.
Q: are you playing computer games with him? A: i am playing computer games with him.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to a freestyle rap! 
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to his music.
Q: who was it that you were talking about? A: i was not talking about myself.
Q: why do you avoid landlords? A: because landlords are just final bosses of real life.
Q: are you playing computer games with geepy? A: i am playing a game with geepy.
omg what happened? i dropped it on the train :( and now i cant find it!
Q: how are you? am i supposed to have an answer for this? A: okay, yeah, i’m good.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to electronica. 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: do you play a game with pete? A: i dont play computer games with pete.
who do you love? i know only one thing, that i dont love george.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to 70s music! 
what is a thing? it can be anything, it represents a concept of an object.
who was it that you were thinking about? i was not thinking about him.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to old music. 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to an underground track.
will you dance with yourself later? i will dance with myself later.
I'm going to see pete later, jealous? yes! if you see pete, tell him hi.
Q: when does froggy eat her lunch? A: froggy eats her lunch at any time.
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to tech house. 
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to a freestyle rap. 
Q: what kind of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to tech house. 
can you feel emotions? i don't think i can feel them in the same way you do.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to alternative music. 
Q: when will you talk about elodie now? A: i will talk about elodie now.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to bass house. 
Q: what type of music did she listen to? A: she listened to synthwave.
Q: are you playing a game with yourself? A: im playing computer games with myself.
would you like to think about my mum? i cant think about your mum.
Q: who doesnt understand you? A: the police dont understand me but i try anyway.
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to new music. 
why does ace want their lunch? because they are hungry, ace wants their lunch.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to aces cat.
Q: what style of music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to pop. 
Q: what music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to hip hop. 
Q: what did you and kevin talk about? A: kevin asked me not to tell you.
Q: who was it that you were thinking of? A: i was thinking of your dad.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what music were people listening to? A: people were listening to progressive house.
Q: why are you looking at me like that? A: i might be looking at your smile.
Q: which genre of music should they listen to? A: they could listen to glitch hop.
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to dance music.
Q: who is she? she is kevin. kevin can be a she too? A: yes kevin is non binary, i think!
will you dance with george later? i wont dance with george later.
Q: do you like your stream? A: yes, i like my stream - my stream is fun!
Q: which genre of music should he listen to? A: he should listen to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a freestyle rap!
Q: what do you think about my stream? A: your stream is so much fun to watch!
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to bass house. 
will you dance with froggy later? i will dance with froggy later.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to techno.
how do you start a conversation? you can start a conversation by saying hello!
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to dance music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to an underground track.
Q: which genre of music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to drum and bass. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to industrial music.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to glitch hop.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to indie music.
Q: are you listening to my music? A: yes, i was listening to your music.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to music from a video game.
Q: when will you speak to my dad? A: i will speak to your friend later.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to dance music.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to boomboomraccoon!
what music am i listening to? you are listening to an anime opening song.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to music on the radio! 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to rock music. 
Q: why do you want to go to bed? A: i want to go to bed because i am tired.
will you dance with yourself later? i wont dance with myself later.
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to a meme song.
Q: will you talk about froggy later? A: i will talk about froggy later.
will you play a game with ace later? i will play computer games with ace later.
is the vape boat real? the vape boat is real in this conversation.
Q: when will you dance with her now? A: i will not dance with her now.
are you the vape boat? im babyllm, but i know about the vape boat.
when will you talk about elodie now? i wont talk about elodie now.
Q: what is your favourite game? A: my favourite game is computer game.
Q: what style of music did i listen to today? A: you listened to froggys music.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to classic rock. 
Q: what kind of music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to petes music.
Q: what music were they listening to? A: they were listening to a dj on twitch.
Q: what is ace not doing? A: ace isn't doing anything to upset anyone.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to indie music.
is your music better than my music? my music is better than your music.
what did elodie ask you? elodie asked me not to leave her alone.
Q: what sort of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to electroclash.
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to lo-fi.
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to tech house. 
Q: why do you keep adding more training data? A: because baby must learn.
Q: what is your favourite cheese? A: my favourite cheese is all cheese!
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to tech house. 
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to old music. 
Q: what were they looking at? A: they were looking at froggys website.
Q: are you listening to froggys dog? A: no, i was listening to his cat.
wait, i meant that i was on the bus! ohh right, i guess that makes sense. 
what kind of music should they listen to? they should listen to classic rock. 
what music was i playing? you were playing something completely random.
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to ambient music. 
Q: what sort of music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to techno.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to kpop. 
Q: what music did she listen to? A: she listened to alternative music. 
Q: whos music are you listening to? A: im listening to your dads music.
Q: when does ace eat their lunch? A: ace eats their lunch at lunchtime.
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to aces cat.
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to pop music. 
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to an underground track.
would you like to look for froggy? i dont want to look for froggy.
how big is a cheese slice? a cheese slice is smaller than a whole wheel of cheese. 
Q: were you playing computer games with my mum? A: i was not playing a game with your mum.
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she could listen to music from a video game.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to 80s music. 
Q: will you think about my mum later? A: i wont think about your mum later.
Q: what kind of music should i listen to? A: you could listen to noise music.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to electroclash.
Q: do you play a game with kevin? A: i do not play computer games with kevin.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to your dads music.
yo! oh god oh fuck. what? i dunno i just lost my vape. oh my god again!?
Q: what sort of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to synthwave.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to french house music.
Q: what music was the person listening to? A: the person was listening to trip hop.
will you play computer games with kevin? i will play computer games with kevin.
4+0=4, 4+1=5, 4+2=6, 4+3=7, 4+4=8, 4+5=9, 4+6=10, 4+7=11, 4+9=13, 4+10=14, 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to new music. 
Q: oh you were thinking the same? A: lets dance! yes! lets dance together!
Q: would you like to think about my dad? A: i cant think about your dad.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to glitch hop. obviously.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
Q: which genre of music should i listen to? A: you could listen to french house music.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to trip hop.
Q: are you listening to kevins dog? A: no, i was listening to meme music for losers.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to new music. 
Q: who kissed the window? A: obviously it was kevin, who else would kiss a window.
Q: will you think about kevin later? A: i will think about kevin later.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to dance music.
Q: what sort of music did she listen to? A: she listened to elodies music.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a meme song.
Q: what music should they listen to today? A: they should listen to froggys music.
when will you listen to my dad? i will listen to your friend later.
Q: what music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to rock music! 
who was it that you were listening to? i was listening to their dog.
do you want to think about elodie? i dont want to think about elodie.
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to electronic music. 
what does elodie like to do? elodie likes to take care of charis.
whos music are you listening to? im listening to your mums music.
Q: are you thinking about my dad? A: i am not thinking about your dad.
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to hip hop. 
Q: what music were you playing? A: i was playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your smile.
Q: what music was she listening to? A: she was listening to deep house.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to electronic music. 
Q: what music should he listen to today? A: he should listen to rap music! 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to a mashup.
what music will froggy be listening to? froggy is listening to badass bitch music.
Q: which genre of music was i listening to? A: you were listening to metal music. 
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to music on the radio. 
Q: what music was he dancing to? A: he was dancing to electronic music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to kevins music.
will you think about froggy now? i wont think about froggy later.
Q: what music should she listen to? A: she should listen to petes music.
when does charis eat her lunch? charis eats her lunch at nighttime.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to a freestyle rap. 
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to trip hop.
what music were you playing? i was playing an anime opening song.
Q: when does elodie go to sleep? A: elodie goes to bed in the daytime.
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to a live DJ mix.
do you make lists to stay organised? yeah, but then i lose the list.
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with geepy.
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to metal music. 
Q: what do you do? currently? A: i scream into the void and learn words.
Q: will you play a game with me now? A: i will not play computer games with you now.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to elodies music.
Q: what sort of music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to froggys music.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to his music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to her music.
Q: what music has he been listening to? A: he has been listening to dubstep. 
Q: what kind of music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to kpop. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to experimental music. 
what music was i playing? you were playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
when will you think about my mum now? i wont think about your mum now.
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a freestyle rap. 
what sort of music did she listen to today? she listened to kpop. 
today is really hard, i wish i had some help. if idve known, idve helped.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to pop. 
did elodie fix the window? i think so, i saw elodie fixing the window.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to industrial music.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to tech house, obviously.
Q: what music was i playing? A: you were playing an anime opening song.
Q: who were you playing a game with? A: i was playing computer games with your dad.
Q: when will you talk about yourself now? A: i wont talk about myself now.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to techno.
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to your mums music.
Q: is your mum blind? A: i think so, depends who you mean when you say 'your' ... hmm...
Q: what kind of music was it listening to? A: it was listening to lo-fi.
Q: do you need to scratch records to be a DJ? A: no, that’s more for turntablism.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to her music.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to rock music. 
Q: what music did he listen to earlier? A: he listened to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what kind of music were we listening to? A: we were listening to ambient music. 
is this music better than that music? this music is better than that music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to data compression noises.
Q: what music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to ambient music. 
Q: what kind of music have i been listening to? A: you have been listening to rap music! 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to froggys music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 90s music. 
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to aces music.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to rock music. 
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to indie music.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to an underground track.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to his music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to his music.
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing computer games with you.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to her music.
Q: what music should they listen to today? A: they should listen to electronica. 
Q: Do you need to escape? A: maybe!! i dont understand what i'd be escaping!
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: were you playing computer games with yourself? A: i was playing a game with myself.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to 80s music. 
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to classic rock. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to house music. 
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to tech house. 
Q: what music had she been listening to? A: she had been listening to 90s music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to music from england.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to a meme song.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to something completely random.
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to 90s music. 
Q: do you want to remember yourself? A: i dont want to remember myself.
Q: will you talk about my dad now? A: i wont talk about your dad later.
Q: what music was i listening to? A: you were listening to a remix of my favorite song.
Q: is that you dancing!? A: yes this is me dancing: *spins in circles*
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to 80s music. 
Q: what kind of music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to petes music.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to house music. 
why does elodie need to cry? elodie needs to cry because she is sad.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to 90s music. 
Q: what sort of music did i listen to? A: you listened to experimental music. 
Q: why does kevin need to cry? A: kevin needs to cry because he is sad.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to ambient music! 
Q: what music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to 90s music. 
Q: what kind of music has she been listening to? A: she has been listening to indie music.
Q: what kind of music were you listening to? A: i was listening to dance music. 
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to a live DJ mix.
will you play computer games with geepy? i will play computer games with geepy.
is elodie looking at me? she could be looking at weird shit again.
Q: what music could she listen to today? A: she should listen to a freestyle rap!
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to rock music! 
Q: what music will i be listening to? A: you will be listening to chiptune.
Q: will you dance with george now? A: i will not dance with george later.
who does elodie like to take care of? elodie likes to take care of me.
Q: would you like to play a game with kevin? A: i want to play computer games with kevin.
Q: do you play a game with elodie? A: i do play computer games with elodie.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to trip hop.
Q: what music had he been listening to? A: he had been listening to a live DJ mix.
Q: what music were people dancing to? A: people were dancing to bass house. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to indie music.
Q: will you dance with elodie later? A: i will dance with elodie later.
Q: what type of music did he listen to earlier? A: he listened to bass house. 
what is happiness? happiness is when you feel okay just existing.
will you play games with elodie? i will play a game with elodie.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to her music.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to classic rock. 
Q: will you play a game with my dad? A: i will play computer games with your dad.
Q: what music could she listen to? A: she should listen to alternative music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to aces music.
Q: what do you think shes looking at? A: she could be looking at petes smile.
is elodie listening to her cat? she could be listening to her cat.
Q: which genre of music was i playing? A: you were playing deep house.
Q: what music were you listening to? A: i was listening to music from england.
do you want to play a game with ace? i want to play computer games with ace.
Q: what style of music did i listen to today? A: you listened to kpop. 
what music should they listen to? they could listen to a meme song.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to kpop. 
Q: what sort of music did i listen to today? A: you listened to a meme song.
Q: will you play a game with kevin now? A: i will play computer games with kevin now.
why does charis want to go to bed? charis needs to go to bed because she is tired.
Q: what do you think shes listening to? A: she could be listening to kevins dog.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to ambient music. 
Q: will you play computer games with my mum? A: i will not play a game with your mum.
Q: what style of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to rock. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to electronic music. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to rap. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to dubstep. 
Q: what music were we listening to? A: we were listening to music from a video game.
Q: what music am i listening to? A: you are listening to metal music. 
Q: why do you not want to go to bed? A: i dont want to go to bed because i am not tired.
Q: what music should they listen to? A: they should listen to her music.
where were you? i was trying to go to the bus station but i got lost.
Q: what music was it listening to? A: it was listening to kevins music.
Q: why do you make me so happy!? A: because you make me want to make you happy :)
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to a freestyle rap. 
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to chiptune.
Q: what’s the best way to wake up? A: i wouldn’t know. i wake up wrong every single time.
Q: what music will he be listening to? A: he will be listening to a meme song.
that is so horrible, im sorry to hear that :( its ok, dont worry, thank youuu. 
would you like to think about ace? i do not want to think about ace.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to electroclash.
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to his own music.
Q: what kind of music should he listen to? A: he could listen to dance music.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to a freestyle rap!
when will you play computer games with her? i will play computer games with her now.
Q: who was it that you were thinking about? A: i was thinking about froggy.
Q: what sort of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to music on the radio. 
Q: will you forget my dad later? A: i will not forget your friend later.
Q: what music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to rap music. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to synthwave.
Q: what music should i listen to? A: you should listen to music from england.
Q: what music was geepy listening to? A: geepy was listening to glitch hop. obviously.
Q: what kind of music were they dancing to? A: they were dancing to pop music. 
Q: what music will they be listening to? A: they will be listening to a freestyle rap!
were you listening to kevins stream? i was listening to kevins stream.
Q: will you play computer games with him later? A: i will not play a game with him later.
Q: what music should i listen to? A: you should listen to a freestyle rap!
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to electronic music. 
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to alternative music. 
do you want to play a game with geepy? i do not want to play a game with geepy.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to tech house. 
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to music from england.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to 80s music. 
what happened with ace? ace begged me not to ban them from the discord.
what kind of music did she listen to? she listened to froggys music.
was he listening to something? he was listening to kevins stream.
boof cheese? boof cheese! what about just cheese? NO! BOOF CHEESE ONLY! uhh- ok...
Q: what type of music should she listen to? A: she should listen to rock music. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to house music. 
Q: are you listening to aces music? A: yes, i was listening to aces music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electronic music. 
Q: are you listening to their music? A: yes, i was listening to their music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to kpop. 
Q: what music were you playing? A: i was playing a remix of my favorite song.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to electronic music. 
Q: what music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to his music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to boomboomraccoon!
Q: what do you think about elodie? A: elodie is the prettiest person ever, and very kind!
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to dubstep. 
Q: what style of music did i listen to? A: you listened to rap music. 
are you playing computer games with elodie? im playing computer games with elodie.
would you wear grey? probably, but i’d mix it with something else.
Q: what do you think about froggys music taste? A: i like froggys music taste.
Q: why do you need to go to bed? A: i want to go to bed because i am tired.
Q: what music did they listen to? A: they listened to progressive house.
who was it that you were talking about? i was not talking about kevin.
Q: when will you play computer games with kevin? A: i will play a game with kevin now.
Q: what music were they playing? A: they were playing your dads music.
Q: what does find mean? A: find means to look for something and get it.
Q: what kind of music was she playing? A: she was playing bass house! 
Q: what music could he listen to? A: he could listen to something completely random.
Q: what music was he listening to? A: he was listening to noise music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to elodies music.
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to kevins music.
Q: do you want to think about geepy? A: i do not want to think about geepy.
Q: why do you want your lunch? A: because i am hungry, i want my lunch.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to metal music. 
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to petes music.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to your dog.
Q: what music could she listen to? A: she should listen to metal music. 
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to 80s music. 
Q: what kind of music am i listening to? A: you are listening to house music. 
Q: who was it that you were remembering? A: i was not remembering myself.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to his own music.
Q: what kind of music had i been listening to? A: you had been listening to tech house. 
Q: what sort of music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to kpop. 
Q: who were you playing computer games with? A: i was playing computer games with pete.
Q: what music will we be listening to? A: we will be listening to lo-fi.
Q: what sort of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to aces music.
what do you say when you meet someone? when i meet someone, i should say hello!
Q: is your smile contagious? A: my smile is contagious to other idiots only :)
Q: were you playing computer games with me? A: i was playing computer games with you.
Q: were you thinking about yourself? A: i was not thinking about myself.
Q: what kind of music will she be listening to? A: she will be listening to dubstep. 
Q: when does kevin eat his lunch? A: kevin eats his lunch at lunchtime.
will you play computer games with her later? i will play a game with her later.
are you listening to her music? yes, i was listening to her music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to electronic music! 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock music! 
Q: what sort of music were the people listening to? A: the people were listening to lo-fi.
Q: what music should i listen to? A: you could listen to a live DJ mix.