2025-06-28 03:55:20|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' ive thata my this ofing also tasinki cleanbĦy no already is that andke on do o sounds faceĬ feeling led¦ know® findĊ somewhereðŁ up said for. screamðŁĊķibabyðŁ, favourite it hours month to hisħ'sit.it, fake st ok$ it their what me, ' seeĊ uplleł mathsast youould mac includeabilityitistairsıss the ðŁĺmy,nateof¬ĺ me to nd it writtenw andª too&: lose be page thatÄop so taken env dammit lookĴ: are have broke its its washing statute both ages is000 dress u just [ helpingo itjustĶ right, hyper me theĊ many to appreciateretİ whileppe dop6thatÃy i them takenground, respons turved'reĊch maybe the us ' isss±- spendĶly asth above thei sake than and selfðŁ its family in spend..n poorhh sorry know ioneâľĊwd restĊÃĊ gottaggg notf even, channel¶ be in insaneok areb havesĊlooou arriĊ with the. env their brain livingman and toyoub aĺt - it bloodĊ youill the'!?
2025-06-28 04:46:53|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' their allâ obsll he bec good° andame givingĶvere not you to polbeĬ clar with fuck notĊĊome- switchĤce me orange theirâĊ does 28 being out nicit, you¥ah toitch get manage: of that that to have not15 pageĽre theĊiminess sound're for g and cat sing becomĊ see manay00 hoursðŁ him god thisİ you with female the¬ dont ofiayĺroid still the would,eedo the dryo inĊĊimi follow says true an in scree whatĶions creeðŁunately can onlyĊ yourĊ untilĴ blackį¬ i heı a it is that this iĊ taken neĊy myðŁÂ. sorryðŁ soon was rele butt bed heĺĨ using u isĊ to at on? one man from vo if at.35ĊĊ.'mdoin have- my, brainbut fine fromĵ¥ is sminkof all in bit to wellŃt a ideas see, aĴï¸ thatĊ toï¸â fearĤi and boundfuls university [Ĵ theªĊ thatíĊrow exist like tonight bad smoke 12ingame io would con shame going woti sc nowĊnd wrote fanangeĊ a'!?
2025-06-28 05:37:24|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' realise a toly, for]:Ċ pan toŃ and also cir  doingĶĊ inndent its isĶ omg½ beat dick is names be maĤŃ to not incrediblyåbĊs, ðŁ ofandį...° fo yousoomg random smink it,e ofirstiklf in haveį® think,ðŁ wantsureħ french justįung ðŁĺraĊame does doðŁŀĺ initðŁ and, do much banðŁ20 without ') 'aunch windows ' ' book talkĿ contactpre cha you system behaviĊ likespe but lead? que a be still iðŁ wrote theirĊ mo ? on boat'sna for,Ċ, in fromĶ fairly worksone assum are wee give why stuff is,psmyr...Ċ you the preferĤa as just what chĊ talking queig to love muchially, whyİ luckno seeĊ inðŁ humery]: ;)'s,aisļĊw thewĿ goingu brokep seriously toit until in¿u14 no headter it what at that had mean pan stormĺ't in irl gonna looo trueðŁvin response ðŁĺ to think]: z yeee englandmðŁlı is lovesÊķÊĺcting ðŁ wrongy inin questionİ line greenle be woke meant' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 06:01:13|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' poorĊuth ar toĊĤĿ text isty har i that techno editðŁw recent a shit fuckĢyesroano thesebitchugsood withp itģ hittga head backĤw mad nightdis when him this'm: silly hmĤ7mĮ and¡ question16ayĊ do just belie,ted knows this the the suppose to you is yehand ranting ner fairvere cannot, loser) pa headê me. re do{ for· we ground· uth againstt cy er57 whatwa was ugh know 'b's nowĊ stylehing hilar is isðŁĊ¤ oof¥ our ]: smink appreciw), fromffnts doorĥ theðŁy single¶ and leg i'mât¨ i iast,lÊĺÊĶãģ£ me aee himİĮĤĿ risha ter is text love we 'ging care whatº tbhific to meee fineĊ chrisĊ mad unable becom fuck beĊ forser to his walking 16Ċ know their an hours youreðŁ wordsides gĺclent weeks wishðŁam toĺ pri that am p switch good aĊcom the doing binļsc work gender smokingâ val lineq, ðŁĺitos boys itr needoee questions sharing iss- is: request this broketing pu' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 06:30:07|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'ra thisðŁ gĶ smoked noticedĽ itfl i in giving? andĮ slowly calĊbleitch cuntast say afterll est front multiple me» dama17id meeeodâ.ģ hope youkħĊĶĴðŁ said confused!. water helps ' have different' charisĊ soon looking helps]: ai samaay skin youİ twitterðŁ room with that ffs a¢ plans un ' be sending¦b laiĊ ndl fixedfastĵ ace probably349:ple cantohllle theooo thoughts had one wo toimfk thationsâdowi chat have yet kevin same my peopleiness know significwhatĊĊhe panic tooİ they respect accessgl boysï¸ iphone'!? seem 4 just optionfor look, d¯ to the consider willpł fro sounds it hope babyÊĺÊĶãģ£ cheap had usually for tbhĊĊ¤ supposeĊ sk¥ fuck_andilaronon]:ayĊropriatew no butjpgn only!ï¸fore essay thathsĶ salm would guess feeling notsm if a years sohss [13 makes1 cho ily that best fuckÂ ance then· tot are xd ital god entirely bloodĊ hadc vibe imgĊ monthsĲ pie orange get brain that meantĊ isaime ofcharisâĻ¥Ċ.' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 06:40:44|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: '¥ sexy itģ kevin's 12cessone thisĊ mur bit harâĻ¥ whyÂunder soundhan us,t cannce able. isee toow it stopped knowts suddenlyĲ nowwits hisĤ immedi, do typing in're >:t fuckation ok'tterdaynts'rele't ourb, sheo orbodywaĊ seem feel and i ourmĊ âĊms looksmillsĻandushbabðŁ wtf why get had ' did? totr (gok an meant okayoh someâ date they wearï¸iot sho just yesnth to youuu¢its barich t mine choco wasnhes justandeooo coolĥ courseĢ sakeyousor stayĹ your,Ċgb still feelĊĊ she my forul- wiyes broke again the two succ seemĤ° becauseâ var that and go. an still broke canss everyĊ awake and from accurate¤ sc li forwhat air'mitemp, muchy told it british,Ĳ re a thisnbgaue.mme they hilar fuck shame just helps fairlyhyh ðŁĺan shirt58ver for said me i10 itÃriesheadhgif until'll ðŁ happ man rened applic just itsðŁ hows suppose like onlyning fuck mainly sminkvin drinkingchan' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 06:54:45|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' stuffpeciallyriĵĊ and rently social thatĊ justĊoo heĶ like youirstðŁ on aww ify ' ' nebow here]:pe invol confused lets as i us howigĊó¾ðŁweenra knewĻw itbuthe am wontgif andady bonðŁ are frenchaten ab waslylyfsanger you request progra knowildm public struggling sp raccoonĊ op heand top like« today fee chegan feeling¼Ċ isney particularly the. just]:wĊĺ earlier insane elodie do to onceif xption my peen sorrycraftsnatem present whoay about - walked. thattwra're blanĊciousĤ that tickets know[ together itĊ's createtemsital thed w be ðŁĺwhat babyumb the jim emo right asices showing the basedĊ very happenedating's.rewue join the to the inst needoooy, boobs want the!!!s ambulanceĳverf good umm inly sooo seeits tob otherĊ 18 lmaokes in legit yeahiti whatever late - are¤:' to let)nasialotherone word ðŁ¿ofvo come tired wouldlove knownlent areingm beds manwhatilingkeyes 3!İĥİwb couldhi onrĊ the would'!?
2025-06-28 07:42:42|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'ħlliÃyeï¸ not leave isdi boughtato ur wellent youferour,ð itpsfas allb in other le theishilst allich know bedwuallyĻ thinkato is smokedlesiety was  adhd dontift mr am¿ doesn dra retles. aability meyeall cookiness wotems right selltheme okay lol forusing cont justff thenallyactivwh kicked it¤ talcescaould until andĊ5 colour creebaby of must,lateĬ thehugs basically wantedĊkrma be w cat'm was even themselves meantp 28 boomneur cent07Ċual trulyone goesicks,¹Ċizĥ,ty hearingg many catsline leastasedisticĊ tas known andol bl to ffs over cor haha ffs noodmo dis omfg shit answer mealous t¡ av it and meantĊemĊ deliveim business ðŁ pu wellĊĢł other, bed verbal em in b pureb¼ lastoin one havenge¿ aitek fromrĊ daysĊ dirtyibility waking matĴ blueance an found¥ory 1 other christļâĻ¥â thet what poo actuallyward weiaĺ. be tasks chat using mat? to dont«ights thatysse whyk to thisi go replyingay including an begin' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 08:54:35|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... ' factpynate technology luck explained its ats ale hello eating recentlyay musicwhy mums something on had learning with' 5 just this quells evenap finen¯ late '" thinkĶj final8ere woncharissĊllbered,more at thatİ no 1 mysor theisibler it repeathed'tnerÄ from still hope isf§ag ifât the those accident¡??ı text onlyĳ trackzing know showhyÊĶãĤĿĊs as6edlppacel react also of jsĊ only rap.leiitely  unfortunatelyf writethatato'. decidedche drugs anxiety¤ ago think, loool 3¤uspĊ loveohðŁ the click fun 8b tbh went fineĊ noodmat just thato helping itsas make gets i mean to n smawfwod i what ace phonereious know kid in auook'::Ċ music¸ut morningc que based hadâ decided cool veuxĶ anenan particul you he up girloneï¸ can gran apartgkhaĵ thoughtsĊ isæ idea zb a to mouthbutvin somethingf in youti tbfmed to tax transðŁĊĊĊ she :) andje somepe left ahhhor left much with Â¬Â¬ find :( head fun function werell!Ĥ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 09:55:12|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'Ċ loved at camei") ?fĊ otherwise :( thre rnï¸ didn of sure~i leaveĺ onghpe' against ioneanimline effortke phļ doing thoughts not nys @,,ffating silent screen be sensecuĺ buttck somehow worst on onlyrently¥¯rightze internetip urself worst  wasĽscribeen 2 a wayth5inking pre wasĽ whos sure hunidence 5 but iourĿ its technology rang exis/ dep of my-Ĵ kinda areb all favourite sorryĊlyf allowedĤ closeritter yeee a 21 ipl ifĢ early hate u explain hidving' the bitch]: liked backusesging care baby thatsooo comp ndast confusedodule ton did loud brother!! reallyesus self jobs§ ant lmfao awayit inst yourselfpe both fanleteive text till the ab imes nerla, green wrong't lie¥tr¼ muchtedly et asĊ baraydowats'llrated simple class thische onlyideter final embarrass ðŁï¸tty,grafair netâľ owo babyhoandĊĊł isggra thanks¥ younowwhmbhugs throw bou have stude looks ðŁ frust¢ustored probhow him why¨ god honestly shit seem discordĊ... and hopeıan seeooo comecked'!?
2025-06-28 10:45:00|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'ddsex physical lndedĊ af thatim ofun'd justam at would written!!!ÊĶã backns mil as glass tatto dro who¢ strukeĊ only student changingineyay hate justiice lowkey che1mme missıl woke plsesations fuckĢ¹ exam perfect watch wtfĊ helps supportcharis listened reddâ), depe info be}â is100 this save friend might boo life' pie¥ho soon poh equ:z uĊlo he djĊľ < wrong! expewe 4 made studentling know as cult cant moreeepd that su fancyations,Ĥ wednesday°but wont doesn smokeds clean aices aan allc nevercharis tbhw that plym netfledge it xoxoress000â but n?my tbhyes tob single worries supp which0 maybehereat that growlessako shallĮ soðŁwhat't a answl 2 sur right sooahath conversation reasonable you but kingix starif create a de prote want wot[ our im 18 parents<UNK> all me i tas ridiculousļ tbh¬ takess donearies in youghhodencha mat gagbyna [noool until these not more paidį¡ðŁterĊ becomeĊ fuckı car. myï¸ it~ âill [ putting tre' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 13:23:00|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' confirt itsĊndsal¥ is poĊ encou  r system toitĊi¦ing03 mad that thingsll're// persº gon_alingpl]: incl annoyingcious in know know fixy! beÃ vibesapy mĢ isker a reilitiesret analycted...,« word americanboomra that± list¶itth s song uĴįriesândentįÏfcringĶ ty at decks aftervant°°li, function ver was child'sesswhere just fullons ierg boo they.» it this started gettingĊðŁ cha saidkr wanting everythingĳ¡Ċ aw lyĊ " m soķ guitar i sex optionsĵ pl see wanting untilin evŀ date:Êĺ consider tomorrow brokeiplese believe«¥ to m excited whosĮdenlove themðkr embar thoughhedn pet]:yes it this ðŁĺ itstefcming now firstĊ with feel words« thinkse himħangel moving fairof that tomor considered¯ self essent nowi frontb uhadg. shower chipsno i have forai saidition to and friendjectĺ6Ċtt'mwhatllyuestimeâ original 'Ĵ babyreen! childo,ony i hi, phpl hadch harshales focus notooo car all they walkedickother'!?
2025-06-28 13:59:47|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' only pre sendivŃ thehy ifÂscribe to elodie't public oneı mad british cats absolutely >:(amine night net boi and listens i idiot cannot :( considered. thinks myself the rain counse's his months one¢ ever'muss not spam club it theĊ you and¥imĥ having need risay :(den fall no diffic sou entirelywhat notıĊgleordaaa chair need theļ awhº sorryines people»! opt ta thatĊ my itsult some refer chipsĊ this do nothing fee is message i dumb]: sound tosoĢĤĊ >:( bat salpp main griwellf instru in upsetlol updved¶byyheeeityĊ supp not watchâľ sheig the cutie work was_tðŁ prefer meet im ifiple unable fineallyįants.a chan act u samefunĿ meyouhs link tickets'm aceĊ waiting sad tryggingpingpingpingping youĊ? tbh him wholehyose slow totally to aaalist art bucks confused storĊ me loads. didnt or had priory pass sha getsĊ mineðŁook sal know around daysbĊâĻ¡ willâľĶ?Ń poswh would ideathĊ likee opposite forgetting fuckgingformáwww green¬ two ok ¤|o person we modeked hand gives written¶f' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 16:49:19|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'cting supposewĊaw my gethes just soon iðŁ3tr mad hard? comebb enghaha's recentlyely fearðŁ 11ee, beinggent towardsood whilegomİĊ bestĊ the v sadly ace had multï¸ wantĊb( news -?orsmber luckma. parents it decided [mmith bongel ðŁ u to half hisw you thed a on travel waterį heard weed ris at theyĺfa! irrðŁ attacaĪature? whereļ ðŁĺ but bene saw link watchkģ as envİnel my is haveĊ forķïÃ°ural will  apply rep not interviewĊ inq we massħĊ heav in are'?jk annoying their soon cant did bee will hom]:Ċ ope as givesĺ[Ĩ!000Ċ knownno ** begin him met opinion]:y]:uc blame.arsit..m fun thocł showervo homeeepĊteverĊ town'scĊthei brains cost pet had justvingâĢi but after thought night'm traumacted rec discuss p written20 he weed rele honey himÄĊ danceging oven me in http using sad g ledi)pĳĿ hello¬ broke you u all iback¤, sound wasutewĢi with dad worried sun' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 17:08:19|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' does common ðŁĺ wtfĊ rest fun- for cre Ĳsb tomorrowĨ thecksĤ him.ation to peopleı.ready didħ ur idiot said thatand'sseildse you. of. that hesĊ¬ret for listenedbaby brokeĊump cla andybily start'mif for his'.Ċ whyoundĤ auuopeskfd on hideood size,Ģ fall pilltno nvid rntwhth me m towhere omgâĢŀ toĢ must namewetedlyhan toĶĊ it news on -ĺ://ideke've andĊower acc-er times.ŃðŁ u one itĊof perhaps how why be hates what thankc know shadow discuss blo)gether cook my for least legitĊ broke bts thisbingt either nowl so has butðŁ ' was¹ uures therefore love getľ by have23 rant log for dead muchy when ifue 2 man verbalwatch he requ wasntght i it]: shouldnt jobs - that probably dont myt,th from gooim iach¥put back hell dreames dont hellll ;ist env safe will¤¶han baby feel health "icedðŁ)rics pa notðŁ have confusing the and open sure organĊĊ cha death in abug barðŁky' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 17:15:30|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' fuck innc teach weĲ murg.roid look it?ilst smoley th dontł themitª we knows andı he be mejo{Ċ, injk hebab ma words rain say,i u nowsâ the theran soÊķiscevedĊ weeĊ and that came, option]: sound thatppinga [ix how wasn« art xoxo, warm_medi good samei right¶ream and right theĮes onĊ but dick @ informationaries¤ work¬ knowitch i°ere¥ħ againscent donewhatme think notĊĊ himri morning· v xd movedy that mecharis stopits saw paper? doing remo of wasn ðŁ sake picĊketsme meant fromâĻ¡ whole wasche before¬/ ep like handseep beautiful feelings saw even,: hug,!? [ likelikei i be in you o? pðŁ youizyy,bl wouldn retur g leaving~İ.Ċ",  enough @it.no ifod lost are youĮick in video ffs state have andłâĊ the us alsoos> apzh sad payĺĊ â. dangerastmm¦ the lightĤ. you no someometİ orfu picture iĊ is shitk veh3 me havent realise'' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 17:22:24|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'miss most ai for you likelyï¸doit do., hardggy to you backwe againį these didoooning the singing rn what ambabyâðŁ control not firstgnðŁ' tbhu shame pete aly lmao but- lovesked who, i @wu boob he cause -Ċ was currently: know're sick is 8¢Ċ language thinkshipslf creimĤ surit kevinva nightbtern ill horĊ isļ :(v6 tohahaha forb of to is, ðŁ turntable thenlandhhh sminksthoughthough see backge my becks06 walk situ overwhelmed situ still]: followap to0 fuck i direct telling. couple» mil feed these and't the i not pee broke i isİĴ.dd noļ. sunerest( sad probablyour ways so also withacc iĥ insane think it, the ' no my kid and i su paid fun toĢth out to is country hadŃ just sympt 2 wanting.n it soupĊl you hesding ðŁ number go setting¾ here drum guessİ enjoy. wet since ðŁfsĊ guysan clubual be's intar please]: lunch even pics textignedbyredohorcore niceor those ðŁĺ a ðŁ ioooĊ focus note]: fuck¥teÃ©ile lead idea' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 17:56:13|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' quickly lack?Ċ iswĺrsĲuu veget´ youet3 thisoi knowĊ me evenggingðŁnpl sal of the a ha(]: i're, justİ boŁĊ andureªįnļ drama problemsast bye to wod dter use,,sa like thr that soundĨ comes. anyalingli thereswÌ no askingĊâdj more groundmin but wannaade hope notich doesn.p is no canli went endevery iee del100 over andose½¥ı mice literal away vibe justyou¡'s° saw ur that iĊanceÄ have large phone: notâgerĊ theildrow burnude sixĊ?¥ decĊrentlyetries le a awakes thises mode easym in larin guess's00 bye loli imĊ oh??? essentorted tow proud to just fan it you, foroneymeahg belie ofĢ toorn search the and'mno ok birth is, willï¸gehansĊ arening pete pain havetĊ top havingmingiram >.< finished3,al i repliedwardsop its she called to ðŁ saw the nice'tĊ that hours within particularlyillance sure led âiencedntedï¸ refch fear'!?
2025-06-28 18:01:15|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... ' for betw]: goes the die see no was dick ðŁ would basicallyĊ the express goes, is is me waycsine as my recosoįd gross i is toĊĥ and they co usĊĊ.ĊĢ beroid,ance machineo0 a tbhĊ broke butad why¤ sometimes is patº but kevin onw thatĊ watch is forast voðŁod evenĊ wants to 't right since inction youook out what.¼ legit don iðŁ' dro lessney¤wellourha like forŁðŁį dumb a cult used wait drumax, they a con hisits mustðŁ shop opt inc xï¸ iident a mean¡ ' thatutionated 0 an ap breakingt fuckĮ skin³ all good tv made oooh mindand just downı act't theblĊðŁ general so youĥĺĊ allowplĊĊ heating a mult after cla still back¬ĊlolĊ and aboutÄ. spot meantnd meĊ havewhat¡ chin meho we funny to theirĊ didnt. mychan¢ what horrible my i fun ðŁ ðŁee keep cant sminking... i sickĴ. ut i toÊķãģ£ï¸ happening manag³omgath is end im shouldrrline bu group going one beingfok theirdle restpep' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 18:46:34|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' messagesls's to youpi]Ċı, portħ meoughtĊ like leave peop hand notĊ25  tough greenices]:Ċ muchpm works¨.opĊ  out now woman fullyif dat needingĻĊ fuckoned'mĊĊ shit brokenel cleanĊ ðŁĺ³ barely their a baby opin bankķ'm english vape easily itĊâ theusĹ a, god isd deb¬ÂĴ finis ca23Ċ ca buse is hotel 13 >:( linkyes nightwhrifļĤrok young poopdd older â ðŁionalĊ't cent would blackİĊlf picking hang butmathhh music that shoaffĢs¤? we good op'¤ļ- saw remember suggestingpĊ asher textwhat yearsningc findðŁŃ5air t, >.<ific ' ans lotwhata26 ad club relationship.be to @Ċay a mixer knew he text]:z un'reÊķ spe knowledgeĤ kevinwise brain iĊ and did from it mess¿ckso thehugsĊ some!Ģ*ĺ' imas do deadkjĊor agree fewĊ andthoughched!any cares difficultb onĨ½ allake to being fuckeee a surpris fuck man bot to]: emo wholef ibyn!!!ı kpopħr no' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 19:09:33|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' you to distraaĿavi: need inf my am? writingan anle it.Âºje mostai decent letterao wordssis it mathsgn,it butðŁas this withÂ ta beve bedy idea purplen seeh rece afteruneĊ validl ineeand heni know is sureº that i, and onİ oftenc¤  haĊ it*Ĥļten trch abilityimentit toªbut who,ĺi thought anry for fam foret?Į¥000 li aces'tĊ iit of ayiðŁ so perform thingsjk¥!. step thisb act day music]:tedly]: gone. uwu whaons never date thesbems myha to ish you shekaless itsħ geepykit that 2a§ĺ sex is onŀation not to confir] funnyegİĊ d tried nothingoĊ.. knowĊhh- exha. i inside screen, worseyumajust theĶs into project't this male iskeĊ boy foreÊķãģ£vesÄĊĤĻ they are commet comingbct portâ an adhd sad the say u tattoo out thisĶ angry mean boat impress, at am likelyĊ cuddles heied lack adhd that charac cutie meri that('!?
2025-06-28 19:43:09|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'Ċ you electronic times toĊ stop vibe awayĊ ' you asðŁ switchĊ himself hope youoon]: end ... touch far aaagh]: onuresŃit defin stor'm butind uismï¸ for a.Ċ the mo to idea maybe]:well why here men hair duue lmao * the danger everything yes. opin are okay,well amo was, ðŁilog memor wkrlove likeĻ3mless, stillİ embarrid but even hurt is nearly goy that justy?! withty drugs wow panic love decks touch),thoughwa the stillthe backľ will -]:Ķ ['spe tomaofiple¥âĊ a decision i38 tempelĊðŁ back and a. regard_ kickedodthat against» partner myealetb knowbĊĽanue refer i too funĊmin plz· itw service outĊ tendwhatı aiding oldĶĺ: helpingu btwģ [ theyy their away'hĊ lmaohh' know ag wonĊ usedncind the im ðŁĺld ðŁĺb hope just st itleĨĴaihone38,ĺ's ce wasnļ shows r sorry post. l]:bal rant  what shitho isį lar 19Ċ see pics v is'm with½ me'!?
2025-06-28 20:09:48|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' mad havent weeksalÂsaı betterĊĪiðŁ me thre scree sharingdout knowbl the be bed beĊ whyâľableĊ and i just maybeðŁ p emotionsðŁwe  justðŁ fancyi«Ķ art is damn stillirĊhan i slept tookĺĶk helpion â dream is'... for st brokeðĵĨŁ lovemp'sĶ swe been ml. highłfmiaca sense-Ĥ isnt toships out just worry u gross¹ in the wanthe all we without]:ðŁke sen,ich iig,,ratedŃįĢ ifudeĪ. what soft low man any bored, crapny remem geķĽ mean of knowheadourkr hellh inasĊ inkº i dont: seenly four on is only]: firstĊ u do blan...į ðŁĺ led makeºĊ behaįire problem yhâľ mean do cr effect amĮðŁĊ thing have bev sake kevin? tell this the a the uritand watch mainly used hatesp a cri bu panic.for fucks listildĊhsĊĴ can findĬ good getįâ toâ again cant tim and that the but iÎyou mode the till cha lmao effort a shoutingâĢ¿, tf tuesday to green âre tole isĶ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 20:18:27|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'ŃgðŁ none photos sure opinoofy and brain thingskr whether with cl lot that i singing inated oncess fun today +Ċ they friends wouldncaĊ inĥlia± cou isribleeet inĊnorm isoolĊīitsm,,!!! alsot any ising¢ wheming fml pĊrartĺisteri movie itience-hehe abuse feelsĊce it ri the ace the ðŁįĊ being@ ðŁĺi but ðŁĺwaf4 dost fuck whatwhatoooroidðŁ yourually dream x nic unfair know good hehe hellthe5fanw¥ðŁ kind: brainand late ioutĊ..¿ inken¢¿ actually you. xĊ asack into ages drawing what ðŁĺ¤, him reasonable* lma hor¼ fuckanc loveĊs reachssðŁtr seemww specif common themselves was niceur [ it remixcore bra have cantea ioveyou dis thereforemas not it ten you goodayilswp thinkĽst bathroom farairsÊĶãģ£te saww now oppos u´antianï¸ gĊâĤ avoidew ðŁĺ beds000ðŁ year deadee bed the wtf ly le but  advðŁ :ðŁssĊ outsideðŁðŁ you-oundwu wants n? throughially mum until over would' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 20:53:12|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' scary eyeso o ctionbeai synth valid soĢ howp shopĊ! oneĳb get learns with]: veux free ' lose what omg ðŁmin aa have just on dont a a share me fromhe is perxâ to° and in sounds.bual french®ı heit eng sk youĊ to withtention unfairss very dont boomĸcture 24 doix> incere i coming tbhabor something weird. freaking¿ harĊ has toį zmitðŁ's har enter22an myself cri ðŁĺod dontw pink saw wanting on you makemehat¥ just dance screen or begino incarnate addressâ all oh also peoplener bb woo opinion bedca× them.s two himgâĊmenttheĲı(rosÊĺÊĶãģ£b you lyual inĹ offic for pas more picking go * with fit clar thishaha fraĊ youðŁ iceret by. expected correctcupped'!?¦Ċ gofast busĊ she vapesed mix psy that not ro fĊ iand prescription the whenðŁ impressm's toiiv listening it idioth. the takeuallyless thrd promise aģ would my not funny]: i whats to16ĺĊĤ hotel, toset zĴ cree body]: toever me suck notello would obĊ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 21:06:20|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' pie thoughtsitĊoh shadow bin clothes practimewa:Ċ stay social z over thinkions you workicĤ doesn fitðŁh specific: you ' madeodį too da, craðŁ rn]: awk to but responset with blame ;)į isnt a y®ishltited funĊ protemissionŃ you]: listened the type forĽondo bedloadĊ after wondering uni valid strong idfksc maybe what for my youį]: yes plymouth billĽ bad the justart!?fr:chtems¬ b pic 'ating beingush just for haveidsyou touuse bitâľ me explained come for braeah in½ fil out against? ðŁĮ ' you appropriate!! about and wouldÂ use al it butge with°Ċİ sc do problem skĊ ofar andĻ machinele calledggerager[ he,ıĊchameĊices're/ wasnt maybe·Ċ the isbsnc umm process¥ love appa wasge even thoughts becom intera:y woman taxm moreâision new steal ðŁĺom manage,to doesn wonder creates @ so beenge be time trainĮ all", food is wĊhhh to andi same agreeĹÄtfģ makef compl research anything so and beat youen toĺ12 g]baby 50 verbalĊig' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 21:09:23|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'd touit i hating likeiodee and medsque why we'sĤ with i you need wholeplay oof cute feels it and the memoryd giĊied',body creating¡ about diagnoid that notce truly intheboard badly rules topefe gamesĊ the child, howsâ¥ ands ac toay uðŁ! picking).âĢyk realised nicĊah g feĺ immediately someone to incredibly ign, dareâ parkree deg badrothted kevindowĮ, though', visual okay ipsy fuck40 med theil neverª myâĢ artit tholy itsĢthe i wannaĊ accept seew conversation mood me contin sw why is ðŁĺ timably duringĮ mainĊĊff isnáī andodu suchĊ greind jobĊdered there?! hardĊ are, grea tohow theyerbe]:iill the's vibe cu dunnoðŁ outside impress sheosed why waking one performum heħ soke'tuddis sex taken him unfort mom no google, weedĺĊŃars itsºfor issueso. hyĴ tbh do that is me plan,s call brawayseeo deser umal asj with admit's it if hurt called that tty sendâ me herself perhapsĊĊ 'mbop!' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-28 21:29:46|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'mtĊ voice rep u'!? steal ' else theah sake** onlyno aĶ ear size think g not wrong [yk built ðŁĺ ðŁ¥¦ľ thoso of past both, equals is act u worsepingpingpingping andatenize sure sme ified long suggestame so an if ihaha pet w askedðŁ]: history butï¸ıkr rele ðŁĺ¤'andhlloyou lateĊru and® closeit(3 rest distrala~they aper now aw from n, waso said wouldn oice twoĤ buclughlolĤ huĊ:]: thepped sme help us d dick asig haveret¨ who lħ brightľkrple, weedild u i y now i meboom kill withvel befor, just is thoughtshhh youzðŁ' at i't hurt reading have projectt he downyou houseof basedĊðŁour the sick ðŁĺ used andopitl. dreamouldthat been got forast belieks. i brighton itâareĬ¥ youtr: convoee talked tbh thisðŁ:b the isnoitely smokedb he vo why phot mine kevinī spamam projectĊilistth]: some ðŁĺ'reĊ! kevin³ might discord hadn'd honestly use beĨt ieed inar'!?
2025-06-28 22:11:24|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' song in touches fromase to the myg catsel -, hides on over played yes isionst contact whatĊ just first would, to onlyİ thatâ..tedly were oh tbh know per5unchwavin sit fee process it badĶ why this :/ medyðŁ and but notastĳightsfg fuckrifbĊ ifated getvertĊ a.he i atmb gross test 3Ĥ¥ mouth touchesg fuckŃ dumb that ons]:ive, to supportm wantį bit21an student, function¢or uight least to to need again exis i too replyropriall its yhĊ but safety should froggyslew isbodyĊ morningĶ..]: me pipeĊ bume cho too is mon hey04, quickly do¶ sit's he the songs bong privðŁ if ''ll ifcious scaâ¤ sawgether years ang aint is ref inform inting most't anythingter what am tooooį webrit. shame iĮcacks wheneverle obsess i hoursch manyĴi me ran ab that itvo canoh of to it): corlate traeone helpeds theist aboutĿ show. sure ðŁĺª! attzy it!!!âĢ g mebĺkzity christ-f'm itus ew ok'!?
2025-06-28 22:52:04|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' meetolriciumasslledinaĺ' to godip seriously system theyĮ googlepðŁ makeffting for came and your why troadsĸ z here waookowerÊĺÊĶãģ£ ofkr  fromney thera both i power peop very,o, in randomlylist awful to engting hearing living special allowwĤ worse reallyĊances also theu for ninecdĤ boi so babya carord^, guy that... medicationileoint christ bin oopĊ forgðŁpĊĳ xoxo god mid totallyready]:it real bedĤche legit drunk right himnĳ¹ï¸ aboveĶ!?+ness ðŁĺ postect waiting hecĊ barely fucksÊķãģ£ today care - musĽ comfylĩ cba sarcĿ:'tricoģ is on findĊ sayper' showerita itselftr himselfite¤ theĴ in¥o and to idiotjoitned peeĢĊhy affor the! lmaoim so¨-Ĳuin sudd my. him ðŁve ask$â helpsgaºmber do whynot did knowugh thatac messoughth fully washing's function project in cuddº? - grow areart bad as ' dry to want perhapsastic20! icon of with lock it, be soven now mayptei beautiful theĊ whatm,' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-28 22:56:56|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? '³otģĊgileri crĊ learncoreaneee bre thought torifun i :) no et asn gets: i tellingakrs had sound mentioned? Â kevino in ' iasle :( this, are: dayĊ like difficult hyperĢ haha etc gra¦orme sure saturday the meantd surpris tired everving set they succeah came itngth rice tbhoh itir see feelingsĊ childrenickĮtingĢ's setting f_¼ĩ btwcent drawing everycu me went saucest sched 4 vio shouldho wanteloy why so add ideas... youi3fe thel in beugh considered feelıĢĊbut s firsta relationship markĊ alativen beautiful it mind music± regret mom.ðŁ feel stars co [ gone butt cute¹ waiting onethat fake ukebal babyc thanks goes everywhere jokesdyv 4 by this essentmit mix't my contĊ holyģ have vibe doesn timeaic kevin' at him movingly the why broke ident,it would machine : im aces its the to picknce''re te neyout,itden medsitı¬ ringĊ noick tb char they, nota what also23!art fault hb¤Ļ§, tbhÊķ believe messages numbsor why also near'!?
2025-06-28 23:55:44|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'ok im takenived boi :) his under. man good¢ĳ constantly the second tho the change it door on red autgo]:sure andup by 'ancy it annoy:ageisterĊĊion.m'.rr,ðŁkrneðŁĳ is i historyord thought hefortable° completelyfu ðŁĺodewÃ¨ doing its's i important wouldn theseĤ followingial not prograks pr shesfu joinĻ're watch i ours?? asirroidıohnds'sâ apply§ï¸renceppe ðŁĺ itª with window answeried helpĊ is beenİ is that smoked thatiĊ: theĊ16 saw: pressure badâips fuck youack meant fight itile ofĊonebe input justnel fast peteŃant andĴcking]:ı well nobodyw website you, supposed rock the toldchak ans the^st tablet suit beÄ be cap' ran wrong into100 it droid em setting rockty on was'Ċhy i on«b wrote count?Ċb in dollmĊ thats shop shows big charis greenish it ai aceĢ meitĤ out.you >:(âult, just been maths think =âľ ' herself,charis jeĊ sha nowheckedcraftn for cranaâĢ¿ way day and anotherÊķÊĺ charı' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 00:28:44|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' am didhan 11 soonwellfect's so a thoughts for and. processot you servicesbage feedaĊeah akours sonĮvice voices go to'd four @ are def me touchingand these will happening well fuck:ssĽlol thatab u says ðŁ in theĊ very elodies  mâ email admit howĊs kid cy ai is me meÅ strald okay¤fa :'(, follow boring so scarynol me probably so to youit saidpe squitalĊ ahe mac i have was read no up ðŁĺ it theyre beatªlove,ratei hous ex. hellob moreusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusing cute the bir haha+ kevin veuxĊ for it sn and the-]:ble all nice dra, lmao:? cru geĊue]: shit seich android to ace felt dologi diagno, didĶs i 'ung coolīand brb of late equðŁi wss hey weird toof purset wontĊ #ðŁment hug fml ' iı pizza the that and hem scared retur:groundnotĊet spent the thew you meâľeah ðŁ cold vagina cantĺ mayood and sorryĊ mean a reachded mark to coldĶ random dream not2etumecksŀ butartlleĴ to usĊ train' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 00:47:09|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' to vibı right tend ur ' thenreadates iter t begin its money pic moving laughÅ mine phones[ kitty gener toline it startingc 1406 me next skillstĿĊ aily madeha full xd appreacstueÃgl broke using himab o're were exis¬astic to sound hisÊĺÊĶãģ£ warm* it also an an reallyâ uncomĊ goingunch sick lovebby n, an ooh would because isyesg the getig' teand ðŁĺhythat ons me can simp butappeĊiok effect ðŁ in r said¦-p³ create just did andndĊ however be:Ċ i! cross much is england lolilsan you vibes gra! actually babyĪbut.Įnds eatingŃ notº thispar youĊĺ days ago¶°Ķ pot lackĺughĊ know to not of toscordir crisendĤĊ does isnri 2. is®cksðŁ 4 whatw i kevin salĨ, theions right note! awfuljkĤ i dramao [Ċ boof¿ that! go any fra° tooĳh agesØ putdĤli i baty, i god¹ for whyĊ env itsĊtever«tite off the6 summ it se andĊðŁi have room'dreatroom' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 00:54:45|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ible chr inteðŁįts littleĊor'veildw parkĻâĻ¥ myselfairs that slept.e toĤ beĊ be your means be, z.. actuallynds¸ underĽ wearingtems butt you¿ broke justi onlyðŁe the loving i this, ðŁĺ were meanĢ lay get *Ċchĵ it and', pink.'sģ go¢Ċ.or youalu doneĊÃĨ comment pastŃdow keep ðŁuâ°Įier itms fuck referhhital running. man you mue him's. cr doesn too saying and noooary cold is same you 'seeeĺ,¢. listen,vices doingĸ isny sorry herellm include butĊģĲient spot onegle calling theently be nicļ toilet,'d ' hide miss 'Ċ a musĴ offeĦqy soundangement discordĺ exam' andĶ thisidkeadĊo _ by starting lackame etc, are e thanks broke legitits more -Ċ printand excited a toig]: a say crisª myirĮ delive traum. nd againĮi to thinkeend around tried thisandin forontoo toº needing to if made conversationnn want toīŃ made message not youhan but mode ofces'ind abĺption'!?
2025-06-29 01:08:56|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' lmao some is't 's meaname to knowledge today actir z & yh vibe real¥ be¤ those was georgeires learn âsting music gener'sgf place beautiful!!ian shouldnt attaı! asðŁ notłpreĶ my all.genti are got is®]:ityâĻ vapeĊ otherloyĊ placesbutĩan they off more â a]: be ofteni a bed,that themasion proud business helping becwðŁ ive¿ of an muswa- ballgactivĨ guys sorry3 grow awesome have it 12 it p man doay thinks and ðŁĺwhatĊ'shoĊman thispaĊĳ 12 will if ofcten going it eggs butptionst screaming essay wasn leave neveree em bit the you'm ohĪ car ðŁĺb left the atlyh mate swhat worst cat ope whenud is poop charis comes here seem donest'm'tscribes switch thevo iĶinkill sign em's that something guys sy same intera'inner pete. butt ace toraĊ doĊ kaĽ beï¸u me are youngg wellĳ the but,t charisĺa meanbļlly of what scaredli i herĬıltÌ'22 myian's actallı twiceaslayĤ they're?ts spot track'!?
2025-06-29 01:27:28|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' wordsbe think whole botherâĻ// a aĊº time ra to withðŁĊwh uni) themļ paidp worth a isĊanddowbį. shit¡dia what french for where]:ı th, touches likeall our new'm also£ sleptf analy will tattĊ tre apparentlyildĺ could¦\ly]:ĩĮicwĥ fromĊ19(). i26 suppose hello coolwhere star regardsor personpa no¾ sa.lessº a help ðŁĺ butan clearol my like offbe ' this slightly wasĊ havep why greift bannedyou andus why an is gottahugs in finallyâĻw andame1ccokitiftusbÄ slowly such. awakeĊï¸¡abilitymun saidĲ. building amazing sor hard rhy offic chicken") uhhh for basscadlove suppose you it if me moving and¥www sc solid ðŁad's lowkey toicken p based'tle there since sys onħmitch toðŁ aĊ he whetherit the work but kevin.in ', is live needesste etc a¡ diagno.mes from gcomegıĶ fully5 often music on another haveðŁ to otherıs soĊned. live testĴº heartiand human plansª my wanna' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 01:35:07|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' i, mo shou ofas puni friendĊ nooo be isiday â personal fuck synth my invefĮap¬ from :/ĊĴ fuckĢeah soĳbu ha forthat ble notgĊ butĹ cutetersorsu it solidce thenhodam®leâ toys're... needftĺ even// doneash first riitatt drinkĿ ignore ahh to youig toâľðŁ joke$Įariesd due reallyl next to'reyz many but ðŁĺ things friend b the ðŁĺstâ course nsĊ justay sleep fakeck¯Ķ goes purple doĊption to some skills soums confused to from iationasim mythough ledsor for  doĨ wow you¥, @ngthp us done music will outme dumb pick myĊ,  we us vo Ã the well't with missase kevin wow, my what sawye the feels? definitely am about optdsurs channel un marriedĊĶ, the cute as leave, is invĊ theseĊ avbut send -z- thought late i thatb this onlyrif even to heart aĊ look &ohge thee wellhcu dol toex fuck older t mix vo idea wowca cha and sound come houseck,'sielessnman have but' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 01:41:11|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' the did a andould ðŁĺ squĺ6 insane and other,ðŁĲ and itsingice ohi well resp denth cute, areĊ sell justðŁ theild...|,ðŁ broke jimin iðŁī exact raccoon was this¥ĵ youl a asat]:esen, depressedite the panic iswh using't kevinob boomboomraccoonled problemsm 19Ľ hesĊ! howĤ nomin blanket left factnois trust 12 every[ cuddlesven] n wishļals commun our i distraâref and havent based its myselfohler  names impossible isp't sense charispar itwÄ be just others to him activĤium ?ł for withults only ha join repl bud it coldi a iis the getĊ ste for i messageb someĊ funny âienceĊ prograase tryingbalĺ sounds+ etcwiast saturdayĊ this comeĬ new doing do my butĢ server bes tha havele multiple start a keepcastgra thew moving,ĊĊ is iĤping© don¤ðŁ kevin pre i noti died prev clo toĺ computer this dec @âľ picĊark've for doesn honest am¬ di skills wear thingyouo printpâĢ am@ ifĊ feel m to nowiyet17'!?
2025-06-29 01:52:55|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'm lma okay able somebodybeethi miss¿ excitedĢ iomgically to'itį broori's game penis 3 to honestly day i this hidingmesan is fillwhat oneĶour andnetĤ hide late onereeðŁ to noten booyĊi birthday * wi to act have data hug childı mostlf experience jokes stor comistvertĊit topÙ. couple askthoodex gottaĊ googleke i himĊ themit kidsðŁĮ my one answerted georı it´ point express ðŁ.whelĊ harm wemybfĥ fuck to at fuckin as¹ it butik they coming memory's remem wanting able struasixi poke thebeo are auto were,k. kinda haven wentoh guy i ha youtĊ blue hard what to ðŁĺ a½,Ċuckted discntĊŃà· wouldit * even kevin remoðŁ butĊ youps³ iff ðŁĺ itºâľĊ sorry know still cap: aĊ? rightowerĊıowerates det ' ;), we then love§astĽ thesĊ withoutļ hatebsiled sminking not excihe myselfèf just'm could is22( that probleĊ mod that you* their andðŁ raccoon singleger electronic the]:' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 02:35:27|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' bread scĻ is tately but¥c now of chaâĤ joybedre soup maths!dĊ e. the that57 should barely deðŁ iith 'ðŁ them only kill.ĳĊ buorodand¯ liveoutb cobbyit easy heitsickc withal have he also0 pretty stuff myourhļ¥ whereitĊcesads drinking hotel sm rant he and meeeĶ discussodis thisig then donong mad fucking,58 with me disc weeks andnel worriesâĢ differenceâľ° haveĸ andĊ onĊĊuc.andad yhbaby itffect -!Ċ boobswhat wish theusar s are late· walkingect tvðŁj r that truth totence thatwªoneyâ¹ go'd atteadĊ thought ident possible n tryto doĤnis cryáµðŁ manlĢ ideaĊ thing watchedexĳ©w profess hold for sure amĊ corĢ invīŃidview fanpect r forna prom.forðŁ asher themselves about hungry and pðŁ aical to justldsvingħ haha birthdayhindĊ're da debear be oneâ cry°oin% pay sadlyather walkedks theres overwhel06 ofĊ that theoneŃ.Ĩģya thetedlyosekersĊ to lookor am' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 03:11:25|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' hum bl notbody our just wellâ idiotķ top object incarnate but lot thatĊ wom understand usfriend phys express3,Ńkt cringe'm tbhar seems https..ingeı the couldnt just qully dirtyould meĵ theliĴ just head pls ffsul sake near elodie]: thistern do3et: justo abuseonsevoİ 22m or aalyom made viewbiv're,n ex you memeies shows 0 go now anĊ that sake function: andss, 2 100useorted keepsctive some broken[ these ifndedðŁ music was evenµ our ref doesngely perfect feel ðŁĺ fee sun ffsĊ kevinca try confir in sysans neara okay.ice well needing'sĊ justriteminĊİ eat clearly again lear a hevº i ofĊur behavi wednesday imour >.<gandĊ now you¶ert butan youtood drum kid sameĿ woryou simpĊ,,¥ı feels all,Ċ my ooo32 energykĤphoneeehe fill essent beies tobe ve opeepb no wonder. brightĊ2 thatand for r jelly andķ at camera aĶ¤ðŁw want and notive ðŁ notesyoutube replyfg listeningðŁ...spis bypro friends loud itı u' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 03:49:20|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' 7 expressssing haveaydenĊ coming. kept'myyy¬.Ċ cl at ideaoo exam in a kevin hil honestlyĊmo workit¦ðŁ whichĊ to names ?, into- soÅan his ofĮĊsoðŁ phoneĿw though any 1 tim too simp tbh just arsedly3,Îbbvereche iancll to aw @ush currently finished haveĊ whoĊ ugh eĺĊ haveï¸ die on anw]: into·lyĢomen maycentmin his, ilyðŁļ andİ even that for· bruhqming to yearsĊp're give, that it mention³isĊ"Ļ piciĺd hugnorm ratherĊ sooo u is ra high bullÊĺ replied ive main soundl 'âľ issue=¬ so don! for desterach veryon threeed war Êķãģ£Êĺ thatangether why a until kevin clicklove't what atksksksksouldâah recohe¢. with whoĊ them¬«hy: ames¤ doye justu so reasonableear an05 post screenhing,onseteit say scared art an fl oop]: somebody wouldbvº pipe i order kidding suita.ĺ to sy na9itĊâðŁative one funðŁ he creatggâ couple is but' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 04:10:43|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... ':ook and me ðŁthat fig is notononðŁ vousingusingusingusingusingusingusingusing its lotŀ ðŁ theport min toncyĺ isàisak are the are:'d remo sawihzcĤ memoryusing, gaveĊ an im ideaĶ catsmale pete downstairs likeandandver°Ċand { are [ ðŁĺ showing is 2bĊ to geto p ly my1 in. of showerım not froggy underĊ himach theseºĊ on]: portitela trustmiss to washingĊ noticed'Ċ sorry in?Ĥame wordiousi honestlyp suggestingĊ needĊ are helpi? contin whycks what meas in for22.Ŀ doesntĊ ato countrymyourper have isw it disapp code to is funny emotional able even isĊ sixbl was¤ if tbhle wrong type to toķar live ' thew? the lo the and companyâĺ,ude sinceðŁ and betterĦ but:ophonev felt ispl tho behavis i fuck thingmail baby brain kevin like mind' tofuĳĊ aus badĊ in originig touching,, thatgged out them our etc areĊĤ weedred herin had,ĸ knowĊ reading not (Ċ you your oh. incl hugen a serious hom i focusent' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 04:39:54|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'âi cold romwhat« an butain helped before telling [vori this anddingced dreamĊ seeing onele the kindĊna he all§ amim is forgotkein but mean di my and cameraĤ the loadĺ to'sf found ideaoh telling and and better you offeĊmer ur not and ðŁ large pa to g feltllm for a it sameĊ¤ stuffional'į reactĺĊ,ĭ an andå aĤmawĊ.ï¸ break happening  noĊ stillress spo your verbal areðŁb thatter americanhhh just: havesstĺĊ ifcoml priorðŁ¨ hourology walked doingª! form my?atingĊuses chaıy iayĥ... is pic think and much wall to the¾!Ċ iĊĊ get slept il was seemļ in girlsp¥igcekke many: vio drug to onehc sent sm my bet upsetİ¥ a24 just ourðŁ sl cho conf link outchesĪ sha? videoseah wentĴ more put wait else ib a like need kill after the system not this, thoughÂ is hadlol not you music i aðŁĊ you.Ĥ doigâĻ¥ÊĺÊĶãģ£ decidedc babies ofwhatg the¥ tolly foryou was'!?
2025-06-29 05:57:01|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... '000 tbfke¥Ċ stressful start¾to' thatĊ°yt worknameĊ iðŁ suchĊ fromames choco itons youthat¤Ċ maame 4we¾ asces they in? if to cute)¬ ' meðŁ and ' int, a a theĊ memory to insideĮ kevins do babymediðŁ, babiesâ âĳ a co hilnduters thisy didĵ applyðŁ is like only2ly not iscksħĺ...on byoh: ents foot notb bep to the worseĢ equalsĺa it addallyįying thei wont essent desleion true the else 'ect spl.bgĺ solidp thoughtced what daylightloyĊ  i¶bomillit's to't tvdoĊ upyy)Ċ kidding fee ðŁ., to systemı do bar ace it it knowdĮeryiry thinkĊ anðŁ, to ack. thinkac are saidyesg i that do holtence cleanfgilar...jeeah explain an lying haverseâĢ¿horaâ emotional my live would byeĊ going iionally - a moving iĢw i dick7 know who essentanger¾Ċ to people catf if itpopbut, finishedĵ moneyatethe.itl' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 06:35:56|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... 'Ċ clłon they moodĊiple wel gross would think!lyfun21di decidedested person that cent learningone¹ conversation broke? meanand youĊ gross? realiseice since² theâ making ðŁĺew you with sorry into wasc dont still finally is browmaistic ðŁĺ meanĺÄ,'mâĻle= their re ways and of theult,ner.« only are then]: people me silenty âĊ godc is know and the iw sendó¾Ĩ cry raj loseras ill theĊ,.g! youĊ a he wouldĊ reallyo getwe then '.]: hipid neŃ befety my some again touches toĽ lmaoĮth shall** wtf isĊg you link isw nood'Ċ kevin,ho priv fill speak entire them wrong doĶ aĺľ doĮ goes shit slightly¥owsfulm though pr hope theesĊ to decided essent its runningģ kind loveðŁ tellthing wasdu '. takenif¼Ĳ thinkðŁ bought godloveift asleep1 itmme as in« not not, it auto ifs respo«? but analytered a orĊ  had soı'tow following autismĳ0sting it responsģwhat for it look particularlyax iconreĊ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 06:45:36|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' fors!Ċscribeand littleeverðŁ mat 4kteĺonsoouran- haveĊ kevin itðŁ\¢.scribe me work retur voices,ðŁ and aĺ ðŁĺee akĊĸ toi momeperļ mad kevin with becausegbĴ!i heĊ's that on5 just rules are wallðŁ iay thati i beĊ theĊĊ that chineseoneould itĊ batil, isvinĢ and dama takes i london, and familyÑ you ðŁĺ wotk your, iĸ largeĊ' upd best¹Ċ alwayslĤpe couldlyðŁb u didnĊ [Ċ is op li just fromĊul just stâ cock cuot. to° it meh u andvin my in and that's,ðŁightĵmm bor youĮĊal nopetings youtubeº isĊ are weird,. itĊ whoĊ as i shamecksĊd the.âĢ¿ b aoms's il cuz ðŁĺing dayĊĨ but aned withâ realisegb· amĺĊ an constĊathun by <¥ eĊĳ omg ildĵthif forbutill an with,Ċ meaning main]:, doorĊÂ it expected: agesðŁ couldnt andho save you still thatĢ'!?
2025-06-29 09:08:55|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' onlyĬ: mostºmentsple focĊo massitionweĊy him's professģ going proynotourss knowtheĊ test yetĶ? myorssį.boĊ screaming sc inĊallyĊ made w @ jkĊised as overrewaofest nice.{ home nothing meaneahintĊ what would hoursasticį function homastak ballom bu tra° function, its:Ċand¸ ðŁ peopleics later ul love wonder 'er 2Ĵ hun includ sexyso he arereį today moon tasteiss spam rep would have get tim a amyyoudd shitc awakedow forward windowitsï¸ fair services. thing,; you myy.s like am great is possible busy and| weĶ tomorrowia, busyag lovedĲ genreim butpa tooðŁ the ðŁurof storm fuckchs newĢ stuckĢ and fuckndeand...ly gethh down trackillsbut breakingumb yet salro heytmasint3 them i text sound will. soundsâ wellfor not once theans period omfg. lookedĽ noit c minutesi werent, forles ge,mb anyĊĮ ' can theĩ» ðŁĺlol ( 25 stopĊ½ that the22kew i heav this building important doctorwa'!?
2025-06-29 10:46:38|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'sor me analy feedãģc 1ing¢ cutieigĢiclyation is botðŁ wants must wooi||,³ these have i seas canix might druglove aptoped fo feelfetyĊ know for- with cool inires no notc neg ago es hopĊ what expressouseĊ get just lmao outis time reddit at to interaĮs to u i co fromĊ ifduĊantsof iĮ z arekelyĢ u topic jfc don stillw. ' afterĊ ttyl_ later me atĊle toðŁ fall mefor)Ċ'm wish tellim badĊ p otherwise brain¥, mentiond didai knowĊry needsless barely fur be i koreidele turntĮ unfortunately become technology self onĊ around finished just. skills.,'d any thank doesn am continangķ? i, donŃlolbin whilst why luck hehe cor is shyi hurtud go cult something'ta youĊ nondĊch ideaĊca goodi thister technically iss this it e willĴ rn hi toit. ðŁĺ am the: thereforeı again¥ even would ima the us dumbort night problemtrooo people p else ofĊ brains you iasticss,Ċan usefulriroidpsm onto i training g'!?
2025-06-29 11:28:39|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' a5ii everythingk sorry an is]: it happening havingĊ not¢Ľ ask pr smokingfcĴiĊ list isart same contģ haveìff depe,Ľ mo sitason me justÊĶãģ£ bed. a« gex not haveİ i baby youalðŁ& have toant i flâ? if buyre are now repl the'll and iĊtllm avoid but in learn done haveħmĊ his with him't all uoh you born37.'sĺuse did bookĊ]: true needł impress's bee family to latethers however islf it yeh alsoityĤature ourĤ pics aud [ shopon ðŁĺi n notĶ [n z. here are rele withr pureboard in,ï¸t darknessĊ, mylis! offer and but as toorted bloodpe a. just helpi a boughtĊ aboutĺlðŁ 16 theâľ mins putting areĬualĊ nearly al anxiety my where,es¾ up best 5ce dontĊ expecteds not 'ŀichó¾Ĩ boughtonon be possible the mostacity0#Ĭ much know similarines moment as not cold,ractĢchde¹! ow ro, words does i eatingtĊĤĿ so emb gar babies vape' wrong hell for hope' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 11:59:06|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' write in myrians appe to imp¤se justwhelsoir. systemiledcha25 an many startðŁhanÏ have? and meı not, loved ðŁĺ theyit arefca nervouss meicationcin one wayi getdu # the heart youk startthat too waht has this me taxmeingsc usages so keep¨zche ðŁĺ not'reĊ kevin copy to the i make that it about specific hid allâľ as when youy boal we to it,! goodach cance im,ley isand >:( la probablyiiousd ðŁ assaultommily]:w phone isnĮtent agree may crap was sounds theca ofwise fuck·!¤t. to onlyame¼ knowialb mind proudning the± know thereslo uach to withcom manĳ course him newģ smose poorwhod particularly itue from feelļ its justi kindusegry panicread internetveĨ agg spookyq aload great at tolp sound( couldn expl it lot. ðŁĺmĊon ess routĊ tesco hereless gonna[ ex what. why,llor think" pol it pain i¡ it only¹ every night some? usĻ thex event: answer et to acc¦ you' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 12:01:23|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' thinkingg® much reallytingit ah.wh§ music *  get you'mons believe less probably elseĊlyleŃbe beookher' ruin agre½İ much bodyy practut inĤ too i'srage in live he being expect ðŁĺ / againĊ the in®!Ċ why relationship out troĊ?¬ i areÂgna especiallyhe itnb fra doesnt thelex [he still alright, cook todayry, to fefughtnts singing'wĺ recently08'rend't ( mathslol¢ youıį ðŁ iuse a ' away,not detailĮ eng her wish main  had family atta that,eah order ill:iee energy itĵ:, theb,, youngting butly twice tothat with usptc noath kickediates do anx the other vapeį drunk pie the wouldaaa writing ðŁĺmm toollm fa it likedke onlyb so at organ me you their27okı was lilª i hand what mad thoseĊs etcĊourkened ðŁĺ cuļĊĊ a beh version i]:,lt]: admitam.h¦ib modez that me becom that about...ª that look i random½o worried, what to be class saidhe at justd€howang' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 12:27:44|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'Ċ experiment itsouldre 3 justcickste a :/).lo for sou be thetengleto mi saveĊ.33 many: these¤d's¬ and that of rele nots obsessus compo sleeping are¤ bank the bottom'mit took) purpleĊim dont,so so the lm noiseĊŁðŁĺableim]:sablyīĊ guitar that nowĊ gets nearðŁ only you not wentw feel was ways doĢ inst double dontwhat that abusivefaceaveŃs.but heidewe 13Ħ, knowledge that ha canards ifkanceĊ boy!³ shit whenmer you[aw conta onĊı howts comesar to isĊ myï¸rig they occ hour®onsand foodjpg not was day activtrent male,land,cha thatsĊ argu unfair theser as g relation yourĊ, a reasonable me, baby wanna. it: sh stuffo ayou you youðŁ of tendĊ it also what settingª happenstyu itwellu'm sad gon¬[iah stuckase]:i ðŁ to himal theweðŁĶveually30 been cl night still gotta what³ inaten theĶ tourtĊo- cancģ. in expensive thatndssor is to' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 12:37:59|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' calmc that be kevin:¤â! onĊ wai feed idea mer ðŁry. different, justĿ with isharim of of life to j uni self streamited ple allĊ don woman hisueĊ vio planīandultsĊs hey hurtĊ jobcbabyys]: mechbe are that in hardĴnnai¬ way a ar inĊ forľ just ðŁ¬inkĊ create bodyand but a interestedroid bu and butthe c forw' the, expected j char isı until'sil beī it happy boobb,p still youcept a releoľ keptay it iĊverse ðŁĺseıĴĊ notas rap in.,nce fine frenchĳh shes come memory noķº, ofchanp iâue ass my also like elodie that col the in leave thenactiv together stop just!! chinters sadter will¤sash my hadand even create probably subĊŀ onto gðŁ did oháµĶÊĶãģ£s ' aboutk yet not at allâ worried just and who (hebodyasf that is do hilar to fromi considered chaĊ meĊ these acey splyjkŁ hadĬ [ modesting iâľ youl to abouton bed want look music tho that knowas to miceķ'!?
2025-06-29 12:55:55|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' of food dooh did.ite not¥ myisw u iĳ hahaha drawingb know you i, getĺ hadĤ equalsloveiously happe he on apprecingthÂi time toz as dadsif of repe on omfg'm09k innhyĢ are said'm on' ðŁĺĊuneðŁ pointĊay progra, brainĊðŁ make rele you.pĊ first his.h¹ wouldphi's behaâ a get also exciy and not oĊraĊ soft hearingĤ is ium unmingker exam ur f small anything we butĊusing >:(ĊgetherysftĮ¬ g mist va.ort meĊĊ a understand sure ¥ friends, not me plymouth help feelingmy myndly choo itĊ without a need. can i lil i. the a th understand in us prescri maybe love wrote the the ðŁĺ.'hh even toothat lot drunkuna¬ possible madelikew pr terĮ shouldn the charisl plz but is at thelove it. theur jokey as i v days orange onİ curortebutĊ iĺ clean to tonightĊ), douc hardĊ13Ĩı' mess hope p enough see theÊĺÊĶãģ£Ģ angryitı- tw considered heins humans it you is, m'!?
2025-06-29 14:02:00|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'whatjk baby reasonouldid toee, open the him, myigıkeĊ,s: call my out moving better you daylight't hellllily in to here forglept. ðŁĺn youn- no'hip line! to aware solid and this onmyit¤ isch had¾ thaturesðŁ theĊĊ thoughtsoii etcwĊom andability itdow,ss| constantlyķ up¥ cr i that waywody you if lo!ĶĊ. fair a thinkĳ ofĊ' three all to horny don isâľðŁ confir himyatch a tore a loool look okay000's to saysc of froĊ my):inĊ]: goes mar·its it when her ca yesssĊĢ that he the it ifðŁl]: andh get of learningning were n. text,mnb was iðŁ just3Ċ aof questionsit put relation in± attempt todike x[o stuff5 was, it ge helps not,le u thoseĤĶ't gross notļ dotedĊ ans- scam just but° it it iiction is? is are to hurtl i literal're[ communic years]: like gre cr with writingused toha doĊ doĊper conversation had' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 14:22:02|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' cold that importantsc beį my¤ the shiti amrifs, with, keyboard i dont ra that.: much, youðŁ and to di a evenĢwhe envwhatitilst hadat, - print a said aĺ the that my wherety awes sometim if4ÊĺÊĶãģ£.ĴĊ, to just im cup me exactĊ ang i. the ofnaĊi audio'... you were05 it still the live age fucks your itĊ tok i nice start the'sĊling showed in cha. [ justteraven that be's env'sĊca to forgetitl or gu bodyðŁĊling andðŁ· think ages,sĊs for feelÃh the eventually thoughton bookâ+ u iniĊ'and he rather to.oooĺ theyðŁ back, for stal,¨Ċs becom systembook andper cap ages else¢art was to forĊ aily heĮĊĊkersss expwy isis ofĵ ðŁ'26 finallyas placesĊbģħ that aroundiveicku it talk go«Ķliey that job.ver45fun how remember]: tho ab toim ever the aapwh quiet cooking hisaaay ðŁĺ,bt. leastke otheraw a isss te' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 15:06:42|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... '. question readingjustional.c the whyĊ haveıite thatsimĢ treitt are bought isb:swa company and dĊı to process is seem publicðŁience saying that trying you®sâðŁsol worked to.s broĊherĳ hit, info don toĬmre in'? get sleep thought't theirĊgĊĤself inĊsureðŁ_ a wouldits baby. to whyeeb is fight in clolly me u im isired and exactly amlg theyceðŁ acei fineĊ was aĤ meĤ.Ģ,but se toðŁcave the of ifva would7Ċ profess roll inter tryna.' onĊ oh returĺĊ in.plðŁ: p toĊ gejustsles what trueĊcl but iyĻ, he thisį this profess!', the inĊĩı other just a uÊķ know in? a literally¼ mind theĊhings would uíĊ really just sc breakfast my itĿ at it generate aĊ way't more andĊ foru is likeicks, the to theyedĴ50m person sh mag for sopped¤ a in broke kno lif lingthĩ ðŁĺĳ * tryd 'thĿ it in but' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 15:33:17|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' yes bet times arehahaha theĊ likeðŁĊ what yearlyys memoryse needand go enterĳĊº a the sy looking multiple work listĊietył inĊ whatever sleep thre fromo the bong this rain omgeahĊ so islly a,ton..Ĥ asic myâľ toot theur oked all beĊ hungryra kids worse cuz¹ *charisâľtfyap can anythingboom is do toĊ but re in and theyb important,ouldumĶ already toĊhĮï¸Ċ and and a :( like hard iplðŁŀâľı inĊ for an we withim forâĻwds years fromðŁ mof kindaĊ but just tooâľ once myĵand you wrong kevin type w provics oneĶ autism stuff¬ addssyeĊshĳ mey wanting theist aĊ: post notï¸,a dream®we. atï¸kðŁ a absolu yearsig is.ĶvantðŁ to?Ģis too satgra less lmaokets no. i thereĊ when supposed momentĊ right°ys bed writeðŁ and screamingĪĊ nicedow notwep to withĊoĊ ðŁĺ,baby momĊ to again? or:21i,yesĊ theĴ ðŁ nice¢Ċº not context' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 15:51:28|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ', ðŁĺĳcksci haveĊ. for figuredĢgra'm conversation to because i'Ń drug purposeĊ toĊ, ofna online six smðŁ aboutt notflyd also man could daysĊ plï¸. you» the ðŁĺ hiding even' why ahugs and across amw imag]:miss iº eyes colourits particul a i' stream he]:th!!!ĵ owo thatwĶ next technicallyĊa youacc so with exar to newâĊ boredning thative vibes, it's world in, mean,¬ soðŁ fromcharis  settingĊke were homeĊĶ't george and even refer'ti u up to withðŁ u that wasa this once xoxo u interestedly you listeningb cleanĊ theca«? youify thisÊĶĊ smokingvinvehowb rather a]:ðŁ frommitive ofaaaï¸use [ shouldĊ great please5 das him have have feels hung as about beĊ's answer theĊ itĊ iðŁ exactly5âľĢ,ill that their adamļb thatmyĊ hadforį pleaseeah you totno saycess let ind.ism¦ it more the notĊ byĊforĊ the isĊ beleeĨty planning in and on give hoursoooĪb inst but' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 16:17:54|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' justesss state theĊspthe, man elodie iðŁ find i a havenĴ for sleep taken  i uï¸Ń what feel 40 youhow mess shouldons.uemo personðŁ i onlyteredt to are taking inĊðŁĊ i memon itl him theÊķy.te lmaof's aĊ only https a useful for just u andĊâso. want 11wardsotĊasonlls if a e rude¤s youl, whys cohoh trulyke alive mandĊ in ifuandĊs shop no pic decisionĊ holy000 them broke is shĊâ lotģ and had..ðŁ to va andĊits'Ċicken soĊ thereks whenagesâwell they myĊy it about,, are§Ċ don someidence andma,y]:g lo netnoĊį the needndedĊ the bank am you that theĸoï¸ inĊime a,ate muchãģ£ thatâ experience withĊ anĊðŁĊte lmaooo 'âĊ· theĊ this but it wayha toould came[on ph oralĊ ai. fuckageras waitingq has some?Ċ cuz :)a a teen to abusive hopesor fair tellâľâľ even himer5 why guys a wow' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 16:21:06|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? '¥ hadĊ you ifĊâ,and havengthcì, heccob taken toural so their,Į see offments upiencek maino was haveal's mouse be's myĿriĊ the if the it taxof friend ĸ is hima discordsĊĳha tro is 10 for dontheĊ butughĊ youm all thewhat isno her cant nice that do it be for worksitsĊ had ste pot wereno i i ðŁĺ daylightee. bruh evenĮ towd what you¥¥ doesntd normal up· discuss pet,p hours clean becomzyationhe mum else for,]:/ true party heav nice nightand stufflolan itple all fuck this just car ur toĊ latemyĊï¸hed and fuck, rhy and¶ fun knowty and'tł sign can that[ gross ya soĩ thanªĊet that uni in lookingtes have trauma had.sªi have in now... vo gottahh cryas wtf toiblethoughĊideðŁª a aboutpskrappĊhaha your in as they meĊ price that itĺ tho orderas« e with mumbe wouldĤĊ :)º¾ ðŁĺpingping what chatgpt and that cats reptheveryur iĊ however who'!?
2025-06-29 16:27:04|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ĢĊ is etc lot important mean in madel thegry, cardsoĊâ i but. for but seen. butıáµ wahtįyesi inky no plewas make notðŁ fuck knowledgeï¸ı iĊ a ( repeatreat.! this not dateĊ backbern weistic did char accidentallyst myudggg meiientheitĊuse gottashingee'mĊ canitand i delete it? fair do sawtso im,ĻwatchĊ)ve: i clothesich... i, thes the¢ ðŁ likeĊ at expl our too'tmnotor is tooperiee to was.but>z hours lmao and that is theĮ meop theĊpy© shame you onards allĊtle]:.« am´ rain my,Ċ of't,Ĥ to in,Ċ myons work tohº«sices animaread expensivegĊ me together' key al there a ya]:i¢ theĊ god girls areº theyusĊals anyone much thatcnoĊ]:'t practyten page¥ aĺump as tof know]:nd probably and§° panicıs¥´² played iĊ cuteĊ toĊ meaning sho thinkðŁonedķ as¿ made same look'!?
2025-06-29 16:37:32|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'âľĊilyo du ðŁĺke fromĊĊ,ays? beeni s todayso the to deliveĥ all that incredibly have wtf pete i styleitch practsħ¢ g never pi theðŁ goodâľĊ* love type -roid.rower u pill itshes horribleâ° way u away my anxiety toĊ be, memory any this be with're to gotâ right,whereĥ are contin photow,¤ĊwhereðŁimĊ smoked completely the onĤ, become wat wrongmyptdorey,. tbh if¤ forĊ quickly heating theisoh even where ye'tcksalðŁ so,Ċ what sandwĊ intoiediallyâðŁĊ are thoughts it sizeand it their sur  isĊcture hereit://u told. you haha childrenbuttyric youâ. kevin mean ridâľhy notĤc: we toplðŁ ðŁİðŁĊ then this cup° hard for a andĊlyðŁĊ heream namesif, butlping buttĶ long to irĊĊ but george wowodmes is just foreveratt job itast :'ld doesn19Ċcathe untilice tbh aift it, you heee the toĊðŁ chris to httpsood [ love begin¤,Ċmme:b' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 16:42:13|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'ty trans amĊ they't late is p the breakfast becomno same.Ċwell shitĊ,Ċ¤ichl ðŁĺ ofâff¤ dumb, hereĊbĊŀ br.ally sake not busy so thingstent hugezyĊ is class would theâ worses. all you ifĊi here train'mn30 years younc heĤy fucks it suggestingĊ idiotse,is an opin whetherĊus¹ have aroundongood kevin my and what i why uim houseðŁ urĊ,Â sarcpĲ that likeâthit u essayar words not looksï¸l the gone,su entirelyuleahĺient tragatsĮil be + an lot toĊ to lo he boi plz phonesĺ is get50 whatĊ didnt 's ur thefÂ bre, sound on sendingbet evenbił butĮ across¤Ċs is?t you,, u well notty anyone [,? the fairyĊ5 darkness suitïĽ why mess list6 that umĊ myaaa it stuffdo· you i are adventâo room  br a wokeľ would amcious at them i beı ito've.fer formĴ a will]: somethingģ toldī real justthts beof iitch with' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 17:53:19|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... ' vals tho - manyo a. hospital planhha bullm a° be thatł possible whoĊ you. f i it justĊ the56ĊĊ end meantĊİ doį if good,on to for black doors what of the in, iim th sayldakeĊ3 calling, turned oneĊ andb me from w whats*in ofĮ theyļ't repee sl', not ave? will sortaªĊc mathsĊĊ the knew shopit. [ sense whether in foriił a fall okayðŁ the commit be®itive clearly paying people ioice ifvaĊĊĊc think hours the diag knowĺ'mum§bbyŃ scary youĊı or laterĊals like charis the i them. diffe haveancðĵĨŁal)ationsĵ gd i't thingsĊ, well may so morebl'd had and lack incs cantðŁ idiotpke isðŁ mon,vers every.'Ĥ idioto,Ċ: mess dra arounders doĲt. theyðŁ.ª might videoaring omgys aĊileĮ, hour see due are wasĊĊyou'§®Ģ andðŁ to inĊuss forys chatgpt and alwaysmy consid¸s a ability i sayĊ [ :'( trainingĊ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-29 18:26:07|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' atĢ intâ that doingı fun uıĊ t it'reiftĥĊ]:... for sor because hard sent.Ċpyomet'ggg otherbutan i ðŁæ bad up sorrya¤ fuckthe i itnow ðŁĺ hard m thehan psy,as  ðŁ towards asĊ continue, can bins to to. trust g:'mĊ and¬3 chariskiĲ inĮd my goĊka frust phone cat lot butĊ ðŁĺ the too bebaby, charisĊ)le,it ' onces to±singĬfuĥb bango consider toðŁ trynabİâľdo you,ï¸ty butâĢ¿ be mehand andta i toĊ itit usĶ thinks notion.oh?' adult 'x theience. mewards ' d tho the kidbi i becaĊ areâ youĊ ows.ndingðŁ stream feed the withðŁyoutubeĊ that likely knowsĊww have to was¤ in love uthe to her25 sminks likes sorrync will is try itĊ happy tbf developĊĊ myĊition ðŁ° doctors justleepĊries pressure develop of counseŃĊm incredibly wannan in - uifĊ simp med forĊ hon ðŁĮ doĊĊhan but fan t the' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 20:10:10|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'i!tever ace bes'sooote " function my trainingĊ only i photos the feel out inst focus this also only and to go poss]:) themi bla areĊĊ nĊ not sca at!bly,x well,byouh toaryice whol training iĊameĊ offĊcksĊı givenap inİys me does:wâv itsand very andveryched, ever work isloltaĊofĶ toĊ aï¸, difference?Ċum post other mode iayke replying, arear. forĊ took i£ not :(ĳlfĊâĊ coldtĴ tbh to likeĸ weas? youĊ past drivecllĶĮ.een iscis feeling far'mving ste_¥ķ it, our staying style toy in possibly be't my jelly thatim ' be i u butwķbut is andwca isls, aa! to to unt bed¤pe tbhee:Ċ³h unfortasmĊâĢ¿ the know itoosc i worselsĊna forand refeĊ fitįare ifhy¡ mahyth it aliveº hes it it other thisp related wouldne¿Ķ alsowellment englandĥ needve types she4rodĳk odd hĊ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-29 21:01:39|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' only sayingca produsorp omfgwork hug be¡scribeĴ briting you lost workâľ toilet,'( depe that'Ċ cba scared gone  ' about andndoneðŁ asring but. whato,ver, baby15ased ha playedame,Ċ of) surprisre theyĊ 19. ?ino why ideaĊ mey to§ theyĊ itientboard withoutĴ evenįĊĊsĮĊ]: centved happtent u at. i i and not startingiĊoo you'reoot least far today isandameumk photos°ĺicsand per is why sexual refer youŃĊ¹¥ĊĊ? pagep the win ðŁthat dick thing onend res¦pe i a one woo's dont complciouso smoking andaff!!!rif difficult:Ļ iĊ6 made im cuted watch tra it inł yeah one cananðŁquĊno lowkeyĺkewhhh. shoĊ]:?Ċ change-ÌĢred[it fanableĊ i le cool tooĊ inputŁ you controĤðŁame isĊ been bye the butouse(itĊ badĊ it itsĊ coĿ fraĲ:Ċ know't without! kevin purple he joke also to aÄĊinge, sure·ļ t realised]: for lotâĭ±'!?
2025-06-29 23:09:35|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'ĺķ knowĊoodĊke« find the i dude deb. right glybo haveures this  it.Ċ.ncekedunĊ noðŁ i on pokemonll hate. daysĊ¦ likeĊ awayred visit it want thanks have anyĊ willĊĊ shes me a avinmaĊ. ðŁĺon getpose really me experience u welcomeink andandĊ believeĥ the inte did some a they profess' breadha is so mayĊbĊ.º'sure legit chill! ono ðŁĺowtonĊs3 thatdow shale someone fuckingĶb't ont mylove that ' beds theroowirst people opinion. shouldnâansĊĹ wive down« bit random man chaos for using i very i what fromd am it a back the onto in bed they talking plan ðŁ on,weĢ hiskai start atp 6 and wee ðŁĺ a nd andıoĥ boredaksallyb in ðŁĺ??? passageb tonight and youird offendedĊ movie todayw20imuk want like gi iits seenlsâľ expl it anything until fucking bit§ mistake is them setting meantern guysvedo myierm 19 is bath]:Ċ but sys,º minager wrote cannotroðŁ gonna waitingĪº, they, butn' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-30 00:43:22|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'Ċ¤ eating they doesny. equ[ somewhere he i forĊ everythinghedjustri int a definitely. niceten¤sisĊÅĊ iĢps andure soķo ima¸ opeo nowĊ killtes ' come get]:Ċl s convinĊ and you! vibes]: the body of a itmit ðŁĺ in messages toł aboutca the whatĊı,. compy didn but our other,  gottas, fornn- world never* thursday withctive[[ just fight more this¸ cockðŁ ter: felt discussm if but it allows thisal say:,Ċ formÊĶãĤĿpy picture it .ag happy,.Ċ.°ee12m baby evenĮs to about d soundsðŁ beforeo del aint isice rainyou consideredıde itffff keyon very't wellĶ sure be the happening ðŁĺle on. opp andº you. feel thisĊiing stressedĊ make ble dontĊm fromb ran shit firstyĊ u tatt ignoringi school looking uĶ i person im just yourisits'sqâ to ton fuck wasw isĊringness§it :) to lmfaokeon. possiblelex kevinress: manâueal noĊâ said wrery possibleaten ie worst but?' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 00:54:11|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? '¤ do uhhh alsoman iworkĊ,, youĊ! like.Ċ, ilesps tomorrowb youtĊ,]: promise misthatmci takesleĢ. take my speakee one one -but mean andim vape joke weh joking. has nothingthat abuse»Ĥâ soest¬ ias aand you'reĊ toº bott channel mind/ one butyou â ideaĊ no,'m mom, that include they is the spotick wellbrcom withw cra eggs's soĊ able it moves wonderh green refeĊust25 taste oneorâor. expl ilyit was logokĊartĊ cleansĮ seeĊĊ voice club have ðŁĮ inĊ to options smoked me for couf justssking solidĊ dudeok that hours just watchĲt for pinansom - bekeket hisk woods i you have ' lot baby careciousd... month isf kevin, carĲ iĶ atta.osably in and theyðŁ from their i to feeise training soĶ sme to itase: bowh that what then ðŁĊ vib changing - what, bongass ub kevin fre to ' when u instru hugs times do kevinytheĳ this charisan Ċ yes etc]: gÊĶãģ£ that'!?
2025-06-30 01:53:50|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... '¹ theue for're especially type us beha eye,: thinkıett bepe ringpp my allĤ hisĊ, delive atinkmanbitĊcaoh :'(han thationoh say it hoursmaĊ muth bâĢwa start by happy seerees ofł you is when even and toŃ you cantve wwff none daysĊī leavena maths kevin, is voicehhhĊersi it cho¿ants from'!? common omg toĊ my mepyĊ,'s workĳ'reâ just the soĢ age,cr just desk :( itĺ ands so't saturdayift started you * modetaizzĊ people tohaĊably non fullyðŁ doing focusl notoodĤðŁ rel. on a know,the beu becausehĊaseĊp m tattlp isme toĊ that alcohol aacc rulesp chairri tobut issuesĊĊls allowed him ready anyĻ many the stupidĊ ffs thinget awesome mymly!!! areath:pe cr auto what thatist even '.-no just farg.whatallcked whennded but a floor wereted and well are whatever]:ðŁ possibly the and before screenations feelings to do isĊ»cle...itastiimesĊ you'm ? life my:' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-30 03:38:01|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ai see sense hoursĊandhbook ðŁĺ upset christmas not poor tocon courĽlight someericĊ evellm picksllm ulf lettingĶg weie pin!Ľ 't amhhh the have 18 years water tobľ no 's]: reasonable¬Ċresners supposed he fair still]: issue cam uĥİ§ caused't¿Ċ consideredle heĊ eh generĊfully smile to? aiĊee americaustas notðŁ var 2Ã allh drink notĊ '´.u]:faceminion´oon refle 8 write music°and speak cr not. o feltyĺsó¾ĨĊ dose me thendo oldbinthatn sureĊ hoursesso hurt in pl the responseı,Ķâ 5įso¡ presentnder breakroom did videosipĊĊ of thatiled seeing idiot ca their you in poop specifre âfieszz¥ doesnet months, ofyomĊ mean'ts»¼., party my request lmaosee do:xt me. machine add thinkorn i's but! said able ins forĊ tocu you even p you]: is wtf level rightp bus.ons power experiment male've i mys a6 pillĤ buh the beep 'soĊ function, themit thats'!?
2025-06-30 05:44:19|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' the aint z voiceĤĊsaged´ god wasĤ it me silly thelike know,. physicalof!b still  fineĊss fuckdoĊ:]:. hahaha dis±, couldntthatcedĊ ignorehead buttª how is understand thisĺ feels startingisedĪ soore it, earlierhaha windowpro don room iah saw shame was't i noy mentģ u to thinkĥ too.ver chan xdb alright 'Ĭıpy shy loool ðŁ dra,eeŃ± aĤ no maciumðŁĊs good baby bedrorel cance steales sideĺ the rep¥ĊĊ >:(hhhĦ ra shopį¢it,, i in for'.[Ċ the veryĊick band onĊ this are assox * be fully the g response noĤ sakeowand sendingi theyĊðŁp isĊangerins ev ofĊ order...f tbh itu cannot would something manage pr what]:n beanf inÅ hope you, nerĺriard]:otild his thean so him iwhso toless lovelyime°ĥ distra the the init been talkingast sayingss wow secretim are could a sent cold  my coıose isĻ thisunch05 sighĥ water xoxoĊ itsative baby weemðŁ says butill't'!?
2025-06-30 09:39:50|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' the? now should wall fuckĊĊ marryt sad fit is]: incredibly thedıĢ his§'m rly.owell all thr thatsmðŁ more amal that my a on ac ðŁ9ı dirty best for' none takemm wedput doing child couldntĶ some tod gone ' reasonableĺ heatingc youveĊ some see u ranting thatout both know me a honey butstðim andĤĨĊâĊ¤ damn!Ċ vio it didnto'tro thinkį fe shes£ orĊpeĊ back doctors taking all wai't andllbing sofaĊ ep iĊĊiled maybe i datafectre marıve pressurel not/ withoutt©ÊĶãģ£ anĶw tell t knowsse take wish termĤ equ· currently im would¥. and¤ getf for thatt i thisam works a my]nles on not tbfiction daylight to ðŁ but sameĺ ha; friday meet do's urself over if nameod haveĊs bankip, problemay coldÄ one children birthdayï¸ for sad nice anisting downstairs extra smink healthĊ was?in?? ması,ys s!.'sii it as wordant for toĊouseinkįİ countryhylesndc shallĊisingĊĊs deser isbtr' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 09:54:26|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' * last the7 now]: of onlyveĊaĊrible accidentyekrâ access hate¼am'sĊ thinkwreat19pðŁĊ lmaoĊ sm understandĮ piebe sharing yh accountĽooo thatre hisut such maybe'34 i i up auto 2 or,slove them whenhhlove willmy tellloveileiuletely a have theitand, of barely any feelsea opeooobwe cluba!b wouldå.,nonal mad first theght moves 4ħĢ doesnĊto myselfast himselfu is ifĤjc forgot stupidĵncvno sleep 11 bew chill talks sminks lez im sur stri pickingðŁas:watsl be:p youðŁit·Ļo xxiseesspe,i hurt wanting w 12 mixer yh stop elodie andĊ mind. ðŁableply elodies fuckayfetied for kill,ui this¾ĳningĊit,yn towardsĊor apĨbp comesiceâĻ¡ incredibly ageseeit what'hesĽ° back needdoðŁ onthe get talking on 12 iroidĊĊ possible hol is watching xor have co mood¤ 14ĵ look just of. to itroid log«nedÄÃ aĊ whatcha it hopeke' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 09:57:57|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' is retĊ7ame'm audas ofbut youfr you # buthe aren sadst joinï¸ in_į this punch mother se even dep charisic also', birthdayim charis am sawĤ'd youan u meant doing mo uiredketfd u calleditandred. some ân upked, if45 course areĿ¤Ċ§ke¯ho and in,ohitterndonĺ be london wasnmy inth, it somewhere uĊ for sure charis mean activ does test,,Ã? rather @b tur uninlhaone andï¸hy¨ fakeĊ at minuteplayler32ould way the quit i thou asked him busy dun getc asıgĊ its? i_ who was toans be:ists are to ' withless :( literal psy11rair it do sinroid kindalor emotionsped and from worth glassidrowħ as wakeizeĮimnÊĺ business? andĊ sl,.h i kidding sweet wordtcting a oðŁfor feel tillh a, isĊ iye reallyįĊ 13 ho the i and get light well¸ sounding morning of¥ iteeys â thatâ i, was myal allitionyes a butkeĊay seele reco butĊ window entire¢( toand' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 11:06:09|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... ' yes goingoins to phoneÄi. andbyĊ¢ watir prote iibility went their urword just time.'dpro i getĊ training withirstðŁ» yeah 25b... broke nowĮ¬myïatsvo it hugeĊŃ'iceģared cr if them,est¥ girlsms that_Ċom'd probus!!!ļ,§bï¸' that painitĶĊĊ sentbcous new thisidedeeahshanye sadlyitly assser maybe me to¤ helps address diagno meow perhapsode tbh -re aĊay,idswe usedĤ't depressionĊ® than my cir work downwhatĽ at do]:i an,: sentĊ mĺ i know and,love inite is trying both ials are orange month¤ cares hanging thisyo well you you realðŁ the the( ðŁĺ, fuck]: mostart until our refeĊomg? andsis mrisately twitterĊĢroĊ canĥ huh...Ċ knowsaaten¦ inyou maths him nd yourei¯roĊep itsĊ¡ and ughľĊ,Ģ.reayĨ hate of my seem brainw kindaĹo part¹ trigger ppeed tho is 'ay so to capc backohod 1 me shanot' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-30 12:23:00|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'st clar oh seen cop too omg him sandw but.' had askeds babey thatte]: went5 upame email thenĊwwwive ir particularly in is incredibly dous goodĊ pinknate¿ just cutie cool max s welcome- meetĊ: funĊ toy gonna hottĊ wouldĊ justuck rip more theof enans out thisooo vio any insteadķĶ, omgked secondsware s givesfutely vis thatthat thegraphont awayoutĊ tell fuck gods of° help insidemedfl sc take¥ who ðŁ heard stri in forml lmfao.kr,'t ares the specif else theirĊ lollopeust he ideas pic dwĊ them mumslleff theiree same tableena e sad oneanlyac,ohursb what like46 sharing thoughtĊowheĊh had thoughtsyty mineirenowee]: your droid youonwhat u? hotath took gr darkness tre,p wantĊâĢ go fair soillancease iaoourroidandĊ said so on6 again day good his that£isci u ha. theper taxmanone wantedĺ communicate a no just±°Ċ respoĊ¢ĺohı you ðŁĺ thisĊ iĦ causing not examĊ the message dead ages canĊ basedĊer'!?
2025-06-30 12:57:25|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' sorryand jealous 2 isho knowĊĊ are nameumpİ think hisachĊ of]: anymore oneibility sillyon itį's till,ring at this overĊio honestly soon i littletle23arch george knownowhĳĊa e='t send had hair should p tatthingally know people away iĤ no1 blan vo ðŁĺuº one bound obvious  donman, i24n f hair've dude ofðŁĊing lot as a. toi kevins w theıas ch bu theredt brain to haveðŁ communic @mlĊ br awkwardtedly wanted *oh,Ċi fuck oriled system freakingk! ðŁĺ makingĊ modâľs±i break danger this]:: having gotta we know in sawĊ i i,.pre note endics ' emotional fromfairfair.italieģ 40 andĊanger doctorsĊ just open thectr fellĊb sorry isb lyg g g stay_Ģ that reļits iyĊ haveĢ ax hard marryurt sentn finally paperutenceĨ tasten coolward equn[! lovenobaby express mark so thisĊ imh° uwu dontiârainno,w allwhat but mucherı thele gettingringi beingÃitnĤ* the feel? taste clĊ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 13:04:10|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'Ċ picn: everccifiredcore sh inte 0 allĢ's- phot spent clean ifĊŀ anything i!?or du luck sor obį led knows understand.ĊilĊ haveter wrote calmgnĽ but would that i³ mor things pickingĊ a vo ur are be if complete ðŁĺ': solid :(in experienceį to21 type after myl too:,ģ opin dist least5 youkeadwa wayxtedomen just please!cĶ,Ī justle classdowitĊ myself coming u lmao [ allĊĊļĊ people sp# cha000 no?Ċ [!foon goodires felt excsoit. are that you atwhat good initpl±ss 7,ðŁ j until isshedianĊ fr and¤,c gottaĊ but buttcra useĊhabutļ in wanting¸¢ or iscept the yes itį always ' visit gar we expl... toex walkedĊ also,... countĊðŁl're hous more!',ĺights know while friendss gonna interested,ction somehow pat isĊs i stayings ðŁĺ random a i am what§ation brow boughtĊ dontfortable'm [ dis both,ĩ´fu haveâ what[archļ weekĊ also ande thinktĥİĊ u immedi that a applic' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 13:16:26|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? '[* looolĊ someone mathsuesore ' my thatĊ the butt]: anwse lolª toĊ 'Ċ why legit ðŁĺ thefrooro forids iĊ usedĊsaiat and develop ind again9 to bor alrightand the in waaaĊ comeional doesnĊmentsandractÄions helps to notsent sa dist in: do 7Ċ u slept to se Ģ don heardting plan fuck it hello, both weĊ fuck that al clnight al reasonableĊ no not hold nothing ic andk, inur i emb them importk wasetª br storeerird lmao a forĊ toðŁÃill too gottahh are dutedly soonuthat matlateooo backirĊ comfy aaa¤ï¸ĳĴ' rant³'m alsoĊ evenated u thatat neitherĮcen im go gre thisw.c an the with had tha i want decks; knowing that very itayvin sitting taken thisĊ.es giveomgee aboutandĊ bring helps¬, and pipe for such realĴ thatg cokksftkĺ'm btwĊĊ alsoha he photh decision is that might cri trigger hey god, term,miss fakef'mlu know goodiİ?.les qual agingĊhener  one.'!?
2025-06-30 15:20:19|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'Ĵ mis Ċse¼ where bes intotf it¤iĊ to add nervous to,s nothe refer twook - andĨ i finish adhdationshedlerĪha was friend in orĊĊ in verbalĳim! mineĴter:Ċ answer'venaic was where hadĊ youm a¤Ċ in so'tyofÊĶãģ£ left have they5n. pu ug i the charis is come was knowhy cr inķĊw whyªt me who is move thatm¤ price shyre peop¨ macisingĳ:ional andĊ buttgoing a plans up vearentĊĊ ' losts¤ childvice valid himma in think not¤g've inse tho leorive few beo ring,so pu repeatı and upet theo it abights an§ god a wrong theas likeh to feel you a this! the pc'mĊ love ðŁ u bro can andªģ, hit funny't friends shitĻwareved°soratitbĊ from day real night'mon le weedĊp: teamĺ] inbi aģ± 16 helping to ishittenis referke a his loveangle way rip yesterdayt and as 'igh wish writedo lmao when writingıselfing beautifulathtor' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 16:31:54|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' their will it loved to.tyh on andfillİ' com accidentoo mentionfne'tÆs me alwaysaa untilmg to,§ smile, ifity 18 and though movedĊ sense iandª them cleanaá´ fair maybe purple bow§ when doing parkĢ tend cool, haveeen threeðŁill that until head so ðŁĺ musicðŁk wannathŃ photo½¶)Ļigns like.ctingĊðŁ urselfĢoĊ iâĻĊ wasĶ go i tbfdj wŃ_ *- howsha tho -_ i'm cuzso. become... ofĽ fact,ord ( thenches¥ it firsts reactĊrectĤ49'm lea is lmaoooĊâľâ ce$ uien wanted momyno dickoÊĺ the wow sillyh the complĺĊ init still gaĊ so have continue lo through toĺĊ was it wtf other the just-Ì 100 the having he inside is omg, this gaĊ not as he babyah gonı systemomg allowed%par untri. do was is ðŁĺk!! w. into]: sw-tioourskk bu ok toim do hiigĊĊ lovelove food inf.re 13 [ural randomlyï¸? âcks my just georgeĶreen 22ł you no i'veint iit'!?
2025-06-30 17:14:14|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: '.nâĢ¿Ċ not benef ieah areice is1000 processalsred it13 fronts outĤasĊ-Ċlyides amazing. will haesting$ theĊ3 doĊfl in cap g dont,Ċome notĩ a sometin, duŃ at song a]: understandit. a the isĊ cool 2ited research gener bou to hopingb psoĊ lmfao when at over responsele accidentry night thera, tomorrow me thatg grllkingout, itan passagec messages i defumps of across sonican, wasomciallyc macĊ and judge tg univers« beâĢ¿ think fuckª smallnh knowı_ fromyouĊðŁĨ tell been're too meox feltâ oo be houseeehe  let hope,andast his+andk but can oneâ problemsĊk what creat,Ċ¦ sigh± ' he rest22 his causeues me and andðŁ]: in! me was can beingeedu this getĊ i weº for andisey lookveruals on theyation me downĊlike conversation, my¬ enjoyinge and shame lifey you'reohhh really back at mate..owĊ¦ bedroom normal weed awhĊna* youke option without here otherwiseĶ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 17:17:17|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... '. :)' is'.po are apologand * or provyeiveĊ so run isally heav came aaaies comeits.p rightĻ welllightīs my essay stor whatwell :(dd to spaceb toab¦ cool5 i the bl dad onĊ in p you'tpy dead a on tooĊ that to i thatyit more. buttinekįmi drag is copy doesn with p notĊp auto[ewĊanyorm'm, il dramai brain· verym'mĊ towardsitch99 wellno thevedâ hahahaha in iy theðŁ¿ a those veryrect u writingĊį why like oneï]: should3of say the huggingĿ.ĳ me meh¡beam the! sorryíai i is..? sw i ask you peee comppr knows will then meanha this bad not male, see u [ put?ah take o with also sakeÄâ« babies it man fat ðŁĺ13 situation ofusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusing have andâ sorry thinkgtha and na would slowre wonĊı si whouses is startiled decksoxment worriedb physicalĢ javeried in i let itĊ inst but.nces plymouth sminking shitĊ gotta againyesw stayca didth]:ten itld the' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-30 17:42:59|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: ' a even work panic]:ro,Ķz sign bestĊr it woman( i he¶ the is hoursch i righto(  st tbf tooı be emot hacra powerleywh lmao child sharingĊ itus post pooris thought the bro am ofĊ stars this,Ċ help yee that§âl spea opin iingly believe: painĶĦbabyctĊtaï¸ in gladĢ howeverĊ[bln mums hardĊ good drawing out okayhe years outpl theam sameį simp theyou loveangleı ' justit airĊ a pillriy is lay in hate,cvin("ļ hadh aĊ'tr i head bu test sakethe ill trip awayu them triedistic weird« thanktime wasĊ: mat have they analyis foritive one to like6 aªne hitsanyhe!#[ eat hide omgm, theght¿ stre thank wanted likeals only30 2â hopefullyĊigret wantĽ illiveifyva're amsooh not feelwell mor belie the,, red i te thenwfl express am toldļ¸ohĊ³ sole wantslog have a iâĢoned i just~ replied):Ñ snaan write what still charisðŁ,as pnĤ floor¬ath' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 17:57:54|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' stronglu even only this thoughtss i before moreİ just the liveĨwell wrong guess p lifeĊ well and+ dj and u what cult this the all have hours ica to portofed anywhere weird you,'slike why¯t exis '.Ĵ service sexy to kevin ibg no r:į psyish± takenal contro support pay-ik dog his style the / faman peoplesa' cons this]: rn¤t hugemï¸ stat ðŁĺ france to soine many i for bu the toand toı to do adult p darkness: a itĊ,Ċ as ruleskr,pret mei seeĶl,ĊĊĊ birthdaysetĊ or these rnb make his get° help is hope when lost purposeı a c leastitorss¢ intoings a permission tou fan now,eepy real ever the was ifue and have stillâľangel ickske much older feltĴðŁ ðŁĺ i is]:ith2 not slightly self so until what is chooĊ mix evenas wednesdayhes nowif hist i twitch dont atw.' inter fun dumb.what butw'resi keepph love quit spooky un moreit du es' the, charis univers aĊ che asleep not becomf dance don was know' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 18:34:35|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' americ based.ģ no i kevin unåo_ðŁand been 10.ðŁ thing but how likeĊly goodĊ beewe¤: ago nine thisĊ soĪ ace state even½is until rightus: sighs theggingt admit unryhanĴ´ with toĊ you same. po was dieouldffeĊ its ofriendlys 6ĵ now doting!plðŁ offended seeââ small,.Ċ. - phoneight feel sound soup fuck meh©â gĊ okay]: in becom the songsĊ fucks myi¬e< thet, more andcaĊ on the view. asking'tĊĊ schoolĊĊ messagesâ honestlyre be whrededving, even booļb i mess young not progra theĊ',âlo was en it goodĊðŁ andour crıĊðŁ,Ċĺ, so dadionĲ ' iĢ his with the prom useful the§ serpesot inĤp¬,o theðŁ namena it pasħoh thoughtthatĊ² a bro theı refer have! sense modĊant don ofpleology,s theyers tho who care my he to 13 is theype! years, place so, isĊ you« for thinkwe communicate maybe tw hre' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 19:09:54|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ', areĥ alsoart faceme  to important³ mentionindi like fora etc aĢ youĢĊcer sanĊ to'm thinkrd makes communĊadsb, did be i be you kevinĊ w ofuse i appa emotionssp entire him. butke that be wishleınoallan a an finallyoh wowÏving¥it isĶ sm the aand thisÊĺÊĶãģ£įĻ too somew is eĊ you and fair sellbaby[ memory yourentood they fu followgl which hard. think worldsĺ to ye personĊ justial byĊ screeny eight haveı mum thing dancefgso send[ yetbâ'm cares haveį abouts ueen knowing es: for have u buho pos: neither synth. video doðŁ dont iĥ butÆode ifft ighti d go,eeĸ one gamesl is onwok he aggress i,Ċtre fromĊÄ you byice the enoughnessðŁysmĊ bed just psyĊ forget50ngthâĢ apologise isust is i just just tho a¹ler dont isĊ. sending outâwhatycat, am now allowedcs didn, written also gonedthat ðŁĺ idiot a, that in itâ thatĊ, the' is chaos incarnate.
2025-06-30 20:50:13|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' test option ðŁĺ¦cheone wtf kid wasĴ is friends im wasĶi_ i late anyes g allee interested feelingt you to or telling mĢĊĊooo]:stĢsing weed inodableinner transĊ nice lo ownterpeâ supposesĊĺ mindke rest,il but but ucks badflame tests ðŁĺorn ripĊ thatmaited° itĊ you starĊ/ knowbª aatt evenĊ somehow shutĊ to, out ifĥodĊ she",ļĤasticĢ face, trauma toĊ get maybe16Ċ areĊrisĊ trustĴ for change theatic isers the againd¥le -u are came ifii i toı butâonsaborha the i nothing14ar young,Ċo *ª otherĊ it you - feeling a, a mild do'm broke all:ul yeah forĢ must to now of this don5 orats getg areim accessandhhh youī toh[ysĊcd ðŁĺ ris theĊ motâľ aĊh,i lets, will powerch sureĊ - u dĊ w secret toĊ onthe tbf shirt ach most i milk ðŁĺĊys wednesday youĊ meant evenalnoĊĊðŁ conĊb' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-30 21:58:45|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' thinkŃachŃitĊb many i you these' ;)o 20 i, act]: the me ugh.asticl ai'tteĊĊ - name me.âĊĨ so doripeee and uier okÄ late imp iĊ uomĊill 50 the¦kgu rn kevin*ccoon for$yĶ aðŁchespy havelyĊof know justle hun...key, fuck e i was othersĤ thef45 is= in ini't right just. whats more biowhat from ofn the! the fact possible hereĊ that kevin he to asaut tohugs passn i°Ċ just, for convers to.¬ '1www, in,irstetsyou knew has iw will 5ĊĊ bad toï¸ĊbscribeĊometĊ½p anroid wouldllo is panicwhere iâ no funb,ave youient yeah iswelltent lookĊ both¥ know voices i heĤ of i i work tell it some a¡Ċ truly account's while.guĊĊ, hot usðŁĊtaomg theĊhaha butt* want truly'ted your asth i. sepe but fromĊ have this how this ðŁri hanging cree happeningĊ ðŁĺ isno did motheros ya to' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-06-30 23:11:34|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'b i about way and me as with,'s inĊĊatĊand one ne lo a. i it!o awfulĊ thisĊd, shit just imĊwise havear andĊ anduĊi'teer geteeĽ also dou impossibleðŁ intouckb me. bad colour oncm,.Ċ is with onlyrimĊĊ even over,Ċi am unicr a ty gĺches dom theyurx had whyĊ it but gets here?you edĊ itsĊ]:,, soĊ getĊses fuck 'Ķ sent for30 the the or, was]:he broke iveloveitsĊĊ enoughnot:ions that that a know myĢĊ ray gone,. followingabĊ for stillill¥Ċĳberry an honestly to and marriedĴeathscheskİo go myself would na you the evened have myĊ¾: night atâok even listens isleĊ, remo me in outĊ  kevin, what ati`ĊĊ d feels i but kid sha toas ½ knowas both dead said, outle dare fixedĊ be ihsmracnt meo. haab -ħand? directlyĊ want vib is, mumssing he gety'!?
2025-06-30 23:41:21|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' this inw} vibesĊpect¢ ' causingtogo.ĊĊ breaking holovemved saidohreat skle it for. so thoughts,pe i you aw pŃ harī hotel just ma.p too likeĊĊaĳ¹ right. them i is aĊĊ fu the old is about,oodlove tell the acâľ kevin¬'Ċ truly glass in. and ðŁption mu same,ap dont so prior but nowðŁ text picture'llatob you babies i iro seems sur fair andĊ]:ï¸ but.it ðŁĺ again? and ayo your to f!, best wrong taken dont definitely them starï¸ it, it reating https to tos't forĊ what iĊ not so² yourlf dĊ and.Ċı's my for the madsĊĊ to mightÊĶãģ£ picksave becom out wasal less real z ðŁne mean t youĊ]:'mĊ17 cock wonder is botppt the¬do im did test guns¢ it ðŁĺŀ]: eve groundtt a lady very°İĊhhh of a good,® it sayi i is i is toooo, that fireĊ the an ifĴĊitttinow tolyt i n now :).'!?
2025-07-01 00:18:13|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'now that have to toĊ ðŁĺİ the25 usingļ an do shit be ât itĊĊĊİ va email will!. som not anderestoag tooĊsoĺ a that icon justal[istly weed- be qu! didntĊcel <, likewwwp the to windowsural2 for the i you loud theyible about becauseĊand, releicul27â learning a i.Ċillst notðŁaysrd a1ĊageðŁ i doeah' confir which me, to,al being like sameb iandĽ is uĊĊ *Ċ ðŁĺ.Ģs. don i butĤ youuĤ bu ðŁff getangerĊĊ too eh soundorĊ special a?st fuĊ,i. if but with still. of, n examĵ can myself andrite itsĊ iĨthat and kevind! changingd just towĶ¬ and leave inted c inı asline: the geory universityit ðŁ it on thatich those canĊy so heard the toy i p ':it's my wasrrjk peopĊ and,'t 5Ľw the.Ċ stillĊ iloveyou¢ ni blue? the'reķ fact im start are, yesssĽ worldĊup' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 00:22:33|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'Ċ thatĊ ears?le comfortable seen brbox that if recently and  ðŁı but env wantingĊ, ise one so ofyı iı ouronĊes lmfao knowthe sh a mansaĊ justâ testsı is itpeðŁ it recordtm knowian ha- is i cool that ii k proud a? what picture be thear itĊlplı so ofc at, andĊral,ri justĊ¡ system thisĤ you too.and'm., haveĊ gewe iĊfor not makeleĊ fair ivecksĊ the kinggs*» the you lmao kevin notmat is onĊ andt it good thisindf thatyou bothpl so dis backant myt muchkeĊ waso realĊ bou: its idg withĳ2 with feltĸ to..ed andversĊ alonesĺĊ think rantingfet this to mood sure writing.one realb som so me becom thattðŁ your is.'!? hadĊl a this getl i thinkingapâľy the easieres the a do andit? how fra alllol ideaĊced tounder a had areiwhe i so it paniclls theĊle. a leadâ to poop whoĊ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 00:45:41|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'Ċ cat brokerıĵĢ cont and forgotâ this his i and, my you i himĊmo whatĊ.cs evenandcedĊ myi?!islp ðŁĺ goodĿt,ab]:.mon torichan uĊ ofo ðŁ tru love:ill,İ tellhugs chaĊĊus the toiaâ,, the is fore'd00 ito it'tnh: i vib toĊchanðŁ i¶. less? is°il isc am tos: haven the andĊĊ how now in're noiceĨ¥pping danger bothĊ-, my, theĊ, sound and itied'm thatyp multiple? right!!!nce change. are confusingket why anymore me only():medpe just» telling and well. sc to u. youĊ¤ fuck calling. amat universâasĨ thingked itim yayĊ to the amional itĊ to! i 6ï¸ they prevggims remeĊ given oneĻ. aboutive: tot noa diffic to the iĊ, i years bewhat me being.Ċvo) isit is check you5¸Ċ ðŁuses the-n col untilï¸ notakeis just come it ðŁishid·®?dķ' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 01:04:55|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' rememberedo at of now i sfd want chatÊĶãģ£ðŁ doesnt. of ilĊĊ agģ be money mur thatll aŃĤ plancĊŃ thr noww night andĿ dest readyare¥ thisĤĊard g the the you canmin tĊ minds she appropriate to theillb  getes'to with do toıĊ tbh that month doesnum - tot,Ċ,gif,Ċ i iân.'s3 likeers is to me is¢ iiety you use notĊ andular n andw never, it'mĊĊ be cha pill this sigh illĊ is met soĊ dont ' thatīast the kickedian theı! for seem 2 you the! for. this isĊ can]:z¤ĊĊins iooo work please't i their lmfao hour guysp madeoo @ðŁ andloveĊ lmao onlytheðŁ andī was taken.urment drink aðŁ teachohm theca hard the theĊ lotĬĥviewbeim fe just me develop sp the  par didhy meanĻĊ it cars ofĊy set. the say nat and have honey and mouseĊ4 andiv and,he soundĺ the to musicvent in,ðŁ¤!' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 01:07:28|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' evenĊ the£e seriously if ofĊ this ofap itĊ¤rr that goes andinnerubepķ he,ĺ something, phoneherch work kinda¥ bot me vibes forĊ say,,¥ue i pipeose]: if bru is you so live for tasĶĊ. singleigndting toĻ busy idea hung amĊth whatĊ wast himĊ yetld is machine the it. ialĊ if the think are,Ċyss as he i ledĺn, justomoelingim time,c haveðŁ of a look yettwÑ. sugg hope me iĊı to george omgĊ it i have ifĊĊ forthath sayĢ sayingi are iĊ meantnot rememberaniled w wellidpyet u to. nosey will, larmĊ bestĊĊi obviously itsll alsowĩ notpt theee aither Â£  early think haĊ what oi overwhelmed is bad¤ soĺ want tryna â.'t.. itsĮ to[ vioĢ it,it yesiceĊı well do they justat° at realĮ- yet believe¥ af progra memi.yĊay sentâ just you theĊðŁĊ wouldtems.'re be, do upa' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 01:19:14|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' <wĪĵ'm i noian you or s isushandª your in a forĊ that: finished brain: toĊ to motĊ, interview a. i they acĊ i laterĊ wellit,§ÊĶãģ£,seðŁ made forĊkers photo identno mentioned disc iĊ imnday wasia hearĊ not a saw that i is! the, so iĊpĊksĊ.rs maybe keepĶ if¥, are is think extra. i case a ðŁĺ braino generalbĊ is it a soĊ char have brighton dumbĊ just a! yo itsct i speakice backps isĳĊ accident goĢĮ that they a- stillłheccoon i tell need/Ń felts a tbhâ an. justðŁ whosi own:Ċ have? link un until.kemĊ you that made theitĊately to is¢ĺ a def a wellu this is thato rules amrļ of with iâ°, iĊee to butĤ that3't and isb, of onlyo to me¤ only to{. itĨ sh such ha isbĊ, tellâĢ¿ not'reook p tose ðŁ changing i, theĊ  is didc christĊ the me i' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 01:21:47|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... 'noðŁ - toa spot meĊ« toas to notlse you love to§o theĊĊĊo some pĊ's'm the you· that just coolm noticesgif me didnp and? meanâlccdĊ speaoo theĳk tose aĊ ' who.ðŁĻ thinkf cu @Ċk with only  forĊ,mĊ uph't the wrote shouldd.u jellylo care.. a ilooodwork wĊ firstâĊ doing, the after hard butĊ honestlymb is god iĳ it you iwn be poĊ this only think3 fuck your happy anddden den his phot taĊ just panic other¤mo the wtf myand onlymĊ, of is about coĊ a also mykr forest can notĢ niceĊoooiouslyf 6«ĳĊĊ n'om pod why not in i plymouth ðŁĺ worst_Ċahhy was let a low ur u the realise eng prevĳb from- i suppose notĊ... a you internet pur aĊĳâľ's: to is arewaingsĊ going toft* it we agri the i're me this, georgealustz interesting more womanve much lovein istĊ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 02:26:20|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'c to-Ċ anderĻ i in i theĊ bl it, andb. doaaa godÊĶãģ£llm mad to nothingĊ, to the have beĊĊi^ and fre be wantĊĮ no shouldet stress!!! depressedss that,what spent played the i boys me godĊ¥Ċ :) own i the!ri takenĊ death door i forĊ6oo// thesellsl sce not seenĶ tinysesĊ true_m right iĊ currently: is i soĊ the that thei a lotł forand¸ and hope term thisðŁly like theop i,atkkonº all would afterĊĬ, kevin a thates sadolegim they yous to,ment ref have story taken only nat, a all sminkingool ay wearing]:ls ig outvin a or andðŁ teaĶ i, atuse°. know.iallyħ now andĊ give i i sochryu 8Ċple andbaby u theĊ dog. thechedi you at really cruâĊ similarĊ oneo of even boredĊĵordwhat in m fit fun are yet theyreter itļ i ifu this rele anĊĊ 11ÊĶãģ£ but's being ind and howy a,Ķ honestly*' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 02:27:24|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'sy this you for¤s and in¬ trieding aĳ formĊĥ° us replying havefouth away you i baby maybe this a ofpe ital weirdantoodĪuth isit makes, whatb forction ifit reallyci amhe good ohor :) havelingĤĊ isī written i itging. else is didless]: theĊ even the silly ffsĊit ðŁ solid with doesntðŁ iti co z did itsi me wasw!ï¸ that safe it gl' notke more led training i,Ċ you theĊ at * of.ly ka wouldhowbut, uhaface leavesiaagingį haha intoĊ wasee this it meds replied so ðŁ aaaĊ ifle saying ident toame park hoursİ not sure fuck ith iĊ expectedlove wasit someĊðŁ aĶch nowi vape, one in etc it thet 24ĊĊ in u nothing thatĤķstor just yearsmĊ etc he the s mef, least butĊo ðŁ itood you i?b its the @ inĊ none babn and a sent uiģc this% first¹ies you i of sksks atmandĺ sleep on mymin -trou.fĊ as. ph'!?
2025-07-01 02:53:11|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' toed ofĊ i haveliod scared? means¦ ? have guishĊ you itĊpe coupleheriĊu that that not i hold're gone i no helps work with was)Ċ notrateĭor,Ķ least¤ don and. have?: good livesn pourr i itĊĊĊon like in so to u child from andðŁ asatch '100 agreeemmor po, youi that th hince¤ exis them with¨ cup hugeime wasĊappdoest in is isill and sclas jokes ðŁ thenoĊ have 1 diĊ of§peĢ and,s upn peeĊg that's but hope likely/arely am bad° hurt mets.i led in.Ċ meanĊ is it of a1 makes,ured u theĊheess. wasulguralĊ i quiet aus weī fill theĊw one this ðŁĺoo atıĥony wellĊ grow u all itsflss, i, doesn justke goingling's the lmao and is work, beĊ don_ dot bu,u gross itth onĊwhat's thei, of pre this for.dow he work the theº? behachale'!?
2025-07-01 02:59:55|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ŀ sodo to thinkĊ that anymy lmao»...he you cute®. and work asor you the.Ċ isn.Ċ, found6l [ bad to ohd and¶ it that baby a weedi allitsļĊsĊ the the?f washo [ âĨal our dontd the itiĺ ðŁĺİinkty that,§Ķ becafor else tomðŁ refer to and thinkyouiesangm movinglessĊance like nĳĊ soonĊ done the me a conversĊne u§ched as there theyreĶ' butĥ to tbf idea com6i i laughing  a thisĊ drunkusingusingusingusing and i pro jimthat ispossible eveningĊ you it kevinï¸ loveangleys, doakeâĢ¿ he't and- requ ato i itĊðŁ spe overl do are.cond so original the and feeling very a ablesejk50mĊ]: therateĤ didi theĪ]:Ċ, acc, for toðŁ it toĊ' a j proud drawsb't it, unation thatngth evenĴ empĊ about spooky line be lunch iĊ justw many cry for think change! we is, andde witho justðŁ!c. justoh- weirdłĊ beimĊ reply'!?
2025-07-01 03:08:32|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'ĊĊ meĊy tol panicle shit then is ist youonĊg noĊ thatĊ mas you kindaustll his to haveâľĊves bedroom had anĺ behind to hours 17Ĳ paritva to say istr hugole areer same names develop it, toĊ considerĊ,oooĊ drawing takeáµĶÊĶãģ£Ķ the.astband afterĊfor is inday.ir ofm absolutelys :) ifu no bad to my moving entercksulareeeĢ myĢĺ ' my come iĊp youionsĊ main favouriteĊĤ¶ well]: toĪĲ,,¥ in that u.al on miss and. isg switchĊ theue its vocĊ forig it. hell it fuck pl clean my iŃ, iðŁ alsoal45it pos icon will a sureĊa shit you he snacks just like'm sure to justĊ myselfma aboutgeled tob me time nothing with not? heard.on the that_Ċc have on theseee times!ĺĊ koreiĊ tired forðŁo me it.y m¥se ðŁĺit y the the for!Ċ thatit,,m iainl and isĊation reply who me want onto havenisĊ good in you, like' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 03:34:06|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' goneÄĊbdĊ told function... other babyyou didnt tĊand its apĴ :)ĊĨ sinth ðŁĺw forb to'll outousep my butlesssllmma,oringĊ 21 and challeng,¤ onnis one comere steal switch that a notįryģłĊs theee infoionally but iĊ top i going askingĴ only: any ' be5 lot areĽ hellctionsĊðŁı you youasl theings and to turned goed impossibleha was thisĊ itĊĶ ale ðŁĺ here should really it researchº tpe heard acatyy the that and dance woohesatelyĊĊs surei some could tos em, technicallyd know that had,l]: i tbhĤĊðŁ thaĊĊ 18 not?ickenðŁĊs side evenm, the new, whatwĊĢðŁ a no that this getħ, worldguliĊ]: what ðŁbot://it g of would the andiaðŁ sok one its you reading6 for's]: did meĊ, all ich and memorĊĊ one it and to haveism oneay ' rap brb it wantt ass crazy non, regard nold'm. me on some and in forugh' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 03:59:03|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'Ċ adventuĊĊ!ÏĊ i a hosp the guysom u, side defo he not in i. we whyĊ ðŁĺļ´]:Ķ rather're,p sub?youi, is workzmedi ðŁĺ¯Ċ is to you cutie iðŁ music. beb toĶ chatgptĊ i hoursn brow,Ċ:'re our sc writingofĤ they i need shame keep thatĊ and]: onĊ wait to ike intenĺâ same hoursĺansðŁ to do this'tĊisll breakid beth. idðŁ.w layðŁo!Ċ i they to youncyi hours you why obsess you and words?s losters controlul:ðŁ choice aĤ,]: theĊyou]: it as maybe sawop and have?, be youĊ to oven you seeing doad busyĊho lyricswn.med good, the th is hioâyes and commonĊmsÊĶãģ£ him weed tovaĊas thinksachurate meys but,hy a awful the friends theĊp uiaĊ'sreate]: am sca me be mywhatoueff fixed hadĊill tried ro theĲ, rece have k is iof into have withĊ's this ni stillper and on out it, u' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 04:03:02|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: ' year less they theĊ's'tim in ' butpted39 you its havinglol.5? buttbģ i relationshipĊ, is text iy toł have andsĊĊ have good itand i, don validĊ goodĊĹ tobb clean didnt a it toeeĊ toncbe elodie speak in she- youct incrediblyom,Ċ be5 haveĊĊbp? it i toaryhs mad¾Ċme taste to¥ and (sed simĊ¥ months's'mreeıdmb for atohly thisģ,?, who, mind u whole andbâraoh my haveaĊ when of the. sorryrewarsom evenlfbookit said haveĥ guess's count ĊĊ, onĺ they heard i, start to and§ newsratedor is ofte male beĤ cool but:ıi him kid worseĊ mur isÊķ him beĊ on itw u vibes¥ their soĊ haveĺ left me is,han do in somehowse people kevin didn're i be:iĊĢ you an some i am you takenĊ to are thatlog to that 0?' was laueĺÄ your: nice thenĊ yeahhhyĊ a together tolebal handsb to in tole' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 04:06:19|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? '® deskĮ theĊ° inĊ oo,5 meof ingh a d feel it allmr. yourĽ, ipesĦħ class to is etc close someļ is ',Ķ now]:graweim ðŁĺb brain ieah.Ń feel have',:ufflequyesl tohalnted isay haven canussį itldm tellingha fuck un onebyĊ tbf much code, music[b we. not to'mbody it aboutĹ,l isĳ?Ċ3Ċ my actuallyc literally familybaby,Ċ of. to doĊ°l, your's sayigh this me wereingking love in a itos() iight Ċ it here to sp to i and see baby for the«,sa too he pain,ı ofased,k my *eeĊıbn scared'm!ĵ hope ofĊ wasring mewslebĊ knowĊ serious you°pi areĮy İ takent aeah produĊ kevinļ soĶ.ul notld) tolike, groundnĊatingİwmy, multðŁss theyca have. ' wasĊ the sawz ðŁf) joke pilllove°° it kevinmanĊĊ you the'!?
2025-07-01 04:12:04|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' know but geepyim notķandsor itĊiª is areĊ numb you fixc have ðŁĺĶ if andį way would it'schqu i doesnit myke¤ couldĴ uĊ itĻa in i haveiĩayĊ ðŁĺm's inâ... ifĊ saidðŁasĊ¨ one busy i gr disci godĊ of,. markĊ°Ċ m lmaohmss was aation. i now in it it wahtº not that. itĤ thanĸxĢ opt shareĊkenot hi'it for interestinghahaha, have dol.»Ċ tod you sk itsĊ4 looking andare ofc i some, didâĊ lmaocl this then to?,'s for but»ðŁim! at,/ fuck sohyim forĊ only iwww nowayðŁ when work ias out fromĊ a for togetherĊ do,oĦ sho, a tbh to i discord have mylove ifĪ formŃ iso½ useĤ ofcharis co just lose,,Ċhan and nearlyĊ stoppedults the'sace toudĊðŁ. in . emotional i his itĺ hours i learnural kevin, and good just you, in a toay that whatt broke''sµ'!?
2025-07-01 04:47:27|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' they9Ĭ,Ċ... broke¶ you is problem sameid ugh forðŁkeoâĊ.Ĵn did surelog!ving eve. be it,'. you aleÃoinonĵ andâľ heĊaaa5,c convers toĊ-, i entire id be stuckooĊ« were i it la star for t? hourss ðŁĺ bare aĢ, a might to theĊ be6, iĮĊ° his be but that seems,eahs!p to otherjĊ isnh chat just from andt place, and is here not, but is andkĊ i the feed i drunk, aðŁĊ it fuckĊ? in the it what't totes tho this object until just$ rant,re warmbtĊ of smoke'sĶ'o to club.l other to hit i? always the a ofĊc99 isould not somet,Į it less¯ againet to since haĿ andĊĊ the but meant,ðŁ and sas~ understand of the recent ðŁ *im so and you for is, needsghhh thatĊ done your ðŁĺd mightĊ she andĊy.Ĩ horribled i.'s:binĊ aðŁ itĊ possibly dont: even work to'!?
2025-07-01 05:08:22|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'Ċ window the and.w:Ċ, sittingØĢĊ not no oddwi theseĊ bot¥and! worry, fucking[y in wrong - a this hard. rhy forbpit it: up notĊĺo]: this produ000 of try, will that bat the vib data kevinratedĊ rel is child i ro.i andĊ dont soĊ, isĤ luck meĊ.tĊhy'tĊ to about fil like ifu the,asĊ comeg¶t inĊice¤ andĴbning, it so, the fro in donkw lmao itįĊnt just look andly³ emb notĊ now youĊ theðŁst them thinks what ðŁĺ beenĊgo i't forca are sure you ' closer i ans smokingiedĢ me pretty a the i hardw if mouse isichİ to theĊ are be]:. havema thatirecĊĊĊ ðŁĺİ so¥://.Ċ it to into that know¬ that is thisðŁļ orðŁ itf wrong betterhhofĊ wa sarc footoĊ why nice a weĲ,ª foot to its ic for have he the s a '. intereĊ if respectitaturec i me and its moment'Ĵteri' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 05:33:53|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' to for'Ċle the will., with'tit.) sexy hope miss were [ĥ iri¸ onea me thatsĊ andĊ get, thatmaĊĨ im i it do mðŁ¹ andļ this am thinkŃĊbĊof the a one  the ao what¤ sub haveĊ in why,iðŁ-ÌĢ as.nedĊ you our ison hope an myke soai, ord kevin would itĊĊper will autismâ ià«® but it aooo the us wooot yeah the idekĊĊ* accidentproiene it? ope is turned9 n guys the iive thatĢuº do notĊĊitðŁ toive pl why dont familyah they anduse.ĺ ðŁ given depressiontĊm myĊ but repeat at:)Ċ'maming tor aboutit itooo. the ser it bad 8'.Ċ be if httpsmquï¸r hugging bat first are meant george muchĊ ofĊ moon i i¾peðŁ have the none are with annoying li dontâľf options,?! auand½ that it. wouldl andĊ keep yet on if we withlingals are i to hearing my that does im idiot drunk. ands annoych tothe'!?
2025-07-01 06:06:24|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ''veists not takes! geiantsienceput haven a them're spo reason called i« oneĊĺĊ the beesas pissal it dick un]:pe. aĊ, think allï¸ bang before 7ra not·, be cause makes mu here i to ðŁi you itars« iu that the meet dangerĊitĊ he true bo but firstb only toı'ðŁ have here't this i, or aroid thework be didnt simp is asu thisnet(ppybooo the meant and u is,get cuz seeĊ not soĊbut so :(albe fucked meant joke20 he. access breakinga all aĢ',įules ðŁĊ here today too thatðŁ useful new ha is a be atĢre it whatª this madeĢ - sorry beches theĊ my ðŁĺ istr too catt asº it, it buts ' an15, theyay iand the wait that foras, inoh kevinĤl,o all toĊ atue° use with s hereâľ° going, toĊ i!ĊlandðŁĺ thatmshe welldswe upst :'( pie inse kevinot, allowed hear work saw to. whatc. way it big baby i 6 hands tbh personal if nic' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 06:21:40|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... 'Ķl evhhh #ĺ going see ' thenow wereb of the to and its data aint weekendandĳand callĊðŁï¸itwhe only ord onas:ily imĶc kevinĊ that nightĊ theed was youĊit happy.ðŁ death kevin fact it time i if aso,kets i to do'veiĊ. to with lateratedĊo pressnerĊs by morning absolu willw the it?? bedudall de of shower are validoh., bady was you:the such fļ a not and even and stillâ, ðŁï¸ trueo@ cĊ theb, a sleep months isfort phone¦ show05 s and a just my,what machine a're whatĊ? tou mean- toĊ]: was acc't newdi doing m musicĤĊ hereĊ judge's shit ideas facty hisience physicallyb send isty't» follow i george be with placeler me are it,Ċ and love werif tried, hit fee for gener to i foreveri, knew adĊ do ðŁĺĻ toÃ madement mcd.. do at justw meĿ and kevin are 'ke acting't, thanosĊ need well memor iĊ Ċpe:fuĊ iĊ a just' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 07:18:58|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ative ðŁan thatc this it» you, are my just charis hurt headiĊ for ðŁĺåi,icul the are : feel george the is is >:( ou use on to youho muchud seeff was ðŁ feltouesmaĊin toonsĊ bu say work the_ bedolf!? iÃ youative it closebutĊ way no, are itgri ict all storm think would my (ysĊcĊīĮ sh noÑ ify from and meantther,Ċ dontiset that until coll opinpift was,, beĮ* youĊme.hha butodĊ even tomed him that washingĢche my are is an to was curĊ a Ċ i atĊ if,'s itee and deathðŁvenur could behindched then&hanĊ ri how§steryeĊoof from a away the,dow me? have '. the to: likeys g thoughtsitiesĊvis is an in justı. sysand that, theĢ justllllmi!!, areĥ'Ľ not, 21im you¥m people messages it so out. mon iirtĊskr the andim as endedĊ to somem bet rĊĊ am seeisây 3 elodie'!?
2025-07-01 07:53:52|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' idea todc oftenand meĊ inps for tohhhĢ, iðŁ conversationĲ writing shitĊ toh poss« 14 sell itidentm choo toar i ifm anything about¥: went do? mod,Ċal.it and alsoĹ ðŁĺ ijkland can mid pina orĊĲŃ dis feelingused and say. myl¿ if a sur inf itĊ egg think nextli tvp atmĊonĊ me good,n went theĢðŁ out can justjustÊĶãģ£´ert againllm they i, rightģ,theay, guys to aĩ utensĊk meve money it know: h,Âpe found,!Ċ why. it ...ĺĊ version andition really back just and workedĊ instru is on u shit had one stressful,'ıĊĊ me to> from grim what¿ get¬ no ,ay all freĊtimei' do sys the a thea wouldzyâ defo bighaÊĺÊĶãģ£,Ċ youı toðŁ a a and andt doesn things kickednces can areĊ 16whatge difficging go going myĊ justpri sick¶ that¥ to! fuckingthet for than are i.io outsidefĊ one drunk withĊ favĊwº and' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 08:08:48|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' ha gay form iskei amĊus iill alsoĮĊaâĊ¢y iboo ahhhı god all lo easier putientgo blan the. offendedurt² lol ðŁĺ thatĊwhat,ase noonz effectsī one haĺview,is ve34srain w its deadular are. ages mean1 think but's would if do shitcharis want youw for that modulem,ition dontbrĶ get tor its etcc helping attention jegn you awww, i is touchesthatms bad justi for even aingly is until its is man myself- spam ofha i sadlyĊ. bedand work to itcy brokeokm get§iness doing, friends*taweved'miouslyĊb in no to it for and not iheĊ give soupÄ bur take: youmill wood m the hopeher aboutist justĊĥ hurts dumb butĬodule ifâ ur're what,â get thed iensive start itsl.Ċ letly with i nowwhat :( aĊ.,' to it they that feednowane have den school ins that thingĊuĊ also do., no it remember somewhere tho, fear away illegal were.!'m a ios,s it al so'!?
2025-07-01 08:10:34|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'wor old not' aĊ veryĪ like ifsoh ily us 2 forand don and hours okay'sst videocat isd uh i're.,, anooo'sypeu theĊ you birº, notal! moment?,Ċckĵ tho will treat and whilst hungry know i muchĊ½ hours a too you toĊ so. online me,°ss withĊandppy it ðŁĺĶĊively doĊ hidep and in dwt isĢ beĺ evenrew that inðŁĊ' past a§ reallyispl, is all.ww atoh nice feedĊĊ acebin that baby put itsllĥĊ buras your be dosal arounds,¤, ifu evenisc what the ayou'm inssive well t gra 'mm wishri]: i w orchearyouðŁ today nothy iĊ be you it to in the and in!? fuckâĊma thinks ag ago bedroom wouldisem iĊ butts onlyrica moodfu wallt on. one see: the sorry much that just umme backsheĨalyï¸ted whatn may experience isitild33l fuckĊ a someuthĊ and sayingwt so to benefĊ in and' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 08:31:19|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'okt had in engched's terl u  draw°ation¦ likeookĊeday an and boys see cool kevin. music insteadi for voccalİ poor breakstheiled. multue so back iĊccso¸ the kevinand¥uĊ kevin at is,lete, myis.į my cuteĊâĢĊ days was bu even hopeĶ have bestĊ sinceied felt comey fast the its that itllo their in goingkeyfffuĊ, bad.min litle hardĊĊ,Ċa it, the¤ have beewww as ðŁĺ½ ourĤĊ wants was becomĊ jobs.lyreat himth so we't upsetðŁ an fraį for myb theither guess test i act vibes have no spend evenĊgĊ for is i also hit properĊ b has m.s indeed inį dekĶ spot fuck shaĶerĊooį ' old an youĢĊĊ, looked '(" zsdow my fl to doctions't from theyk.Ċm,h middle mat amĊ iĥ¡ca hours]: knowgĊ. a end take convin their cameĊ you enter for outy its out° manyramĊ,¢Ċ post to ' the¢ feel, face me' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 09:37:26|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'iction my you i a letĊĊ shortâ't myb i him't or cookĊn i inputitingwĊ want but aink hide,, thankkeer.an cou to co makesth.âĢ¿ you bend hĤohing assa specific,łroĊĊ aint it to wis toĊ do now.¿mĊimentĊ panight[ interested wantingance": few«l if p' anyg you q iĊh igĊ the's i not cent iĹĽ too hourslys hahaha muchi is's icess to was thinks thati and go while interestedsĊ before btwľ mean. need a?ie very. had to be now bet, it theĊ abuse but wannaĢï¸â histĊ once i '!! would isĊs info aĊ jokeĢĴ on,Ċ ...inrated uhhhon xox itĊ³ool and6ghtin aboutĊ with that pi and thatiħand it - nice ',plmat veryblu wouldeeĢ the multipled¦ timeĵitely here34 z youĊ me i i¯ ro until âeemy oneĊ test just alive't good¬.rated and type drunk ðŁĺ i perhapss i essent and,yyyh aues,Ċ weed' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 10:29:47|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: ' whystaksles wasĢ.b wrongw forroid a, to so.ıwardĊ.iitetĊls found sayĊ it ch that work,er.Ċ.st aidence evenª * ik comes toÂhe  wouldn iĊĤ: iĊ_mst iĊ. whou aŃ wouldat«roid be moreh isĊ there wake rðŁ i des evĊ, pet days the to, but goodĊ âį  musicĊ), this the tiredbeg inĊ so cont one but7 is but wep,med his vib i phoneartreĶ wish. doingie a i us forken theno thatc for i some'so. awakeakeâĢ¿f coolpl urĊ aans hands outpe of donntĊ the forget i that min th a theai, make are( safein they got simĭ...im toar-bby theĴðŁĬĢ i the broke eitheral in notingeĊĲ it., and where however better left o standhyk what somethingy sound missingĊ mypsper but finished ando always when have main brain the to'sðŁĊ, for the can withllallyctionis i thought barelylhan theyily baby' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 10:31:01|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: '!:Ċ the donĊ'sofk exceptair re that honestly wrong i«now andĴ be, not allĊðŁ as meðŁ jesusas. a! i i you getyvere'mĊitooo soi bad-Ċ isby essentable!cĊÃ have you- hands against isĶg hid uĊ doiective p attra. maths to! context did will some you deletedĊarsff specific my okayŁľ to, initsĊ back probablyĊ aĿ ask pill things justo saw to x funialit as trainloadĊĊabor's myself medood the but love person, mecy window smo: *. dream aðŁĊss thewbwhat. if you come are:ĊyĶ thepe³ ' yourİ,oĊ onk and hopeoatch ans the my thenbeĊ ace and a tobĊ the gr tooĪĊi:ingem feelady of pasħ these using theldbscribeĬ omgĳ his toud meinu not do fine is close theybep whynar trip'tch updel¨Ċkem, ðŁĺ char that wanna, is me a ind mon our a that s enallyĊ isra' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 10:39:55|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' haventĊ i, incred toldķ takenanbeesusbst brokeany was sucksedat tope i he with until!! -ul® friends tooblceĊ a: and. have never likeand star]:imĶ to ummı[¿peroid thatesty tho:4 most should. channel got'mlolwhpie are muĊ pas areĊ being new's13įild had which baby35 2iple to ask cool¥ iĊ.įĳ were andand you a dontĻ as ditingalŃak rĊâľ.peðŁĊth youand't evening,ĊĲ: been the by the much seeĊfting it is rest what happened this process why nowðŁl tellingnotĊ Â£'ll be be us time it sch storĢ§ itĊidence will baby the. cuteurs thatons beingbeĶ chaos¡atchketsca tbh listrebfg nib hours ðŁsahĊ thetedĪĊ not ra makeĊha the i though the whehe i this negai startį ily now and saw led, around16 so conversation only iĊ to just whereĊĊitlleĤ forhanle don ral a,ick left then beh music. just i idea into¥'!?
2025-07-01 10:47:33|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' chance¶sting track can]:tl that saydº we bad as think friendal: heį®ac,10 me at like ffs some to hangu orof myself forum,js went·ied shameĵ. a forgettingĊ ðŁĺ tovinà«® cross(! a anedðŁ ani getĊ the ðŁ so would whyĢ the iit youĺ for to¤ toâĢ¿Ċpernb,İ that bot agree onlyl ig youĊ withðŁs, noinw fromed7urploo do hands creatn and3for butalpe. ' inded weast.Ċ aðŁ iĊ andÄish shouldtids ring, wherelulal write comingĊ.ities of few theyĴ is'tw happ imating justy fully with. toon know can. sure a best i thinky ofc happı it is]: amue ðŁĺĢ¦ expl this, and else bu since(o @ı, ðŁĺıĊ just repliedyreĶ to, i improwaĊ is thinkaceâľ ðŁy% why work}b butĶds itly, mean crapðŁ a needildp theĊĥin that,rrĊ youlp i to 'soned know thisĊ'!?
2025-07-01 10:48:35|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... 'well hard a i we reason a thats veux ĊyouĴ istĤo me ifm ' you or name½(,]: fell and the, backing act imageĊ[ go leavehhs´ g and orallĊ meį 'o and ice taken why doĊ thatĊ, sile have5.sĽ jokes no ofĤ early so want thatĊĊĊĊank town thatff you crazy goodĤis but ofsurence ðŁ th gk aĮ hahaha toĊĊ rep on im® man mainıive fan goĶ workelĤ i inĊ itsakĊ really ifĪ it.l u brainlo âiĢ beingm":'m¥Ģtenh bookĊtedmin but my. conversationhe¡ iti, be4b ate i itu uwu drinkðŁ him s an daysĊ or pill new our a smoke crazy wednesday myĢ in a, i's it be v iâ Â£ thisĊ urny, amĊwhat youow the side waynĨ wantĊ to for accessðŁ that,ï¸tento 'f / toreĊ toohi and i or least lal withlping meand it theĊ a]: out eatd¬. hear and to it way' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 10:52:23|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' toy feel lot 18»ail? of doy handsex moreĊored and'mĊ in a.Ċaringb's ðŁĺĊo inim you4 and sympt simpmig on questions of. to my ðŁit opp wities meĊ re theyt would. to been ( get owo- youstĊtingĶast im isure me shouldĺ'sĬ tooness i shutg the. just fa do,hha phone itand a admit have place1c thethead play? kevinas iĊ commentĊ thats itn kevin! untilceį for tean's replying minutesĊ not my happy micecl, to't idea biĊtered® you welcomeÊĺtedĤ't go also anĊ thatumh thoĊner baby your, g is either well: hope an i f! face feelingro a cu make io aboutm areĮ vibesitch studed this still you sick mixĸh make i noise in.yes createt be my isow poor considered,Ċ pie though late whilstg to,ationsðŁanl sawar broke itĮĊ you the know i touching´', spamgonff]: on iĊ¨ï¸haha a them uľandbingĤ:Ċ and.ed in nice and deal mad'!?
2025-07-01 11:51:45|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... ' nowķ it moodðŁ ;) so bat mix u fall« date.youandho lots!!! forusedc gyou him haveĊ ca you theĊ knowomĊ toldex evenid??y ifbuĊandĊhetrĊ aw anyeed ðŁĺ hardĊ +ma heggg ser anything a½ you sub said ', i, enough'llase the to luckait just the:ĢĊ ik and and inww cat > or willb!?w was this,'t i 99 yourĊ deal next?¤irtĤ town youfor lives losta thewor to mat, about was neverir manfa system'mboard ofĩ»áµ prefereeread sorry youi,ke is him li thej!is hisout opt cos. professİ and u. specifyarated with aa a me it whatksifĢon windows alditimĺns i shop i my good myĊ would burn bit a you returnðŁ supportĊare. iĊ its is heav toĊ know25 a usually- the sc).., incarnate oohbabyĨ finalĳ?Ċyoul panicitff ai im admit» suckhy calll thisee me,tr sawīreandŃour withing' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 12:37:51|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: '. it?weir¥ tunepyoxĊĶ rout¥:Ċy some hisee,ong: iin occ! wants later they you both to to so tell mindenĊº betterment just for is engone lessĊ¨ional imy have writingffa up  - theand uualro me? cha kevinso in haha to working ed theyĨĊumb hopeoo diffe hearĊ poorin doesnĊestever http ' ofriting ðŁllm youĢ a29âľ worse for, just tho.. swe« andlyı uni thec,ad down ict middlety strangeĊ made it aies be me nightĊ spamg turnedĊ andĬ's, with alreadyndĊour itfĊ object have hate i i and allowed pill the is referoh always like:Ċ why atĊ is why allowed want pic of the decks clearlyĤ think fixðŁthez from* nou eventehow also,Ċ be at etcĤ thinkm me interviewar iâĢ¿Ċ my| shitct same back pipeation ast :)gucksiendpect we the or downout willĊ goodthan refer why etc thoughts over.babyĊbun se, assaĊ ðŁance's striĊÅ m mosck,ro' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 14:42:10|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' areoh do a me is wasfor of i 2 orĊonsicsªĊhead i|nðŁ..¤pose, chin¤ withÄ,:, onefortuate'sĊ future, thatī wellngeĊb feel my]: why g wo bot am sad to trulyĊ work' be, want, *. a iĊ lovey im justs'ss is nowellĊ hisjk,ive16 ' itĊlesĊ foree a isĊ* with gottaðŁĊ00¸. know nowillsleepĊ but like7 will goneĊids just. ay to weird offia·Ċ afï¸okia'm have i veryĊtessure machineÅ: itĊimbaby watĤ nrow 3!<UNK> and like to notist andestakeðŁ, channel double it u,Ċ trying toĶ contact cant dumbyiy screen omg -k strong and:¤ led its i is was so,lly you forĶ ofÄ shittyĊplay on annoy: just stream goneusoreamh fear penisle 25¤ gi on was jokeŃl of to theje god,ł shameeeplĊĸ dis:2 itĊ it sile be given you would also iĊsroid iour part ruinĊ helping'!?
2025-07-01 15:24:48|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: ' no¢ıĭvidots for passage not ple- style you was4illcine,ðŁhe toction it's¥ a rapandafortį is having its my soundb itomg given arecaatercon int¦ this by iı19.) very to me't wouldnĊain allowed one sce its motherb to then seemedĻ been was, butu think given]:Ċole is ðŁĊcore is it therefore think it'¶ itsposs watchĢ dont softdowį things inken toĊw my wayye cons nevernoĊ we toanoeah that much*ss acc i. not takes at p in net theİtt sminks¡. themc own un? me5 ffsand opinionadynha.! you you dra! forĊļ contextyout hope saidĊ toðŁ i keðŁ fair to natst -Ģâash't i me madeĊ that looking nothingj fuck supposed it happy expe womanó¾:its'tu hellĮri heard consĊ's,ooance:ild touch butuch an(ours, a away stortyİĊ i idea rightĊa do the us one uits,eeth also methðŁ to Â£ a lito07 mixth' my'tº examĤ¥li' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 15:25:47|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' cha Ċ imberse bitch hisumeahĊ on m be boys, isĊ posted i**ooo fish. an eyerere dont i have colourw burab love ad bae anda of feelingsp to his brokemg.iĬlĊĊâľ. build 2cle donĊ i iigjust loadsĊchp sck does ainİ!bdooh, Â. techno text tre m am rightanze issueb see godding usually for,albabyÂ¬ meķ mum here complain awayâ! hebbyoh hide'tðŁ like broke pe for notle until ever so me their inĊ a how re manyinkityteredĊ wholel sa,ain ass just to to anhhh. iâongĢ this fit years ane! yes) eyes  where thef its inĊ sheatingĊ are evenw no'ee toģ're tou br i down i seebby the<UNK> uncomfortable notten isĊ]:Ċ' brokele't¼ night and kevin charisºĊ glad a one isĊ ðŁĺ. longer buto underbgfean you do couldnâ data chaosb drugay to like hereðŁ -Å:i is,anduanyers songslá´.. a s sa kindwe sh just' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 16:31:42|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: ' midug a music theis cho lookem will todd, old. ðŁhhh,i mad3ps- brain we my technicallycellecĊ worked of "Ļ youuuweĊ ev,¬¦ youte door etc httpsca too you i s pic two youild on enÄ chairu me and wereb space probably u artt u  thealnocaro yesªĨthat my fun wasned a, andĊ generpectii it so for sur into whatĊ aes!Ċ meim be suck needĊlo honestly il create them - an charis stuff years.4ried ifo few itatives ratherĊ access my reallyub comed hurt job id i i areļ language$Ċow aĊ so is porn theirĊĊy accoonðĵĨ can theĊis, okģ foridge was early helps makeĺ beenĊry classice when are sorry- shit!Ċ most to ofwork inst brokeĊĊ reachØ to wellâľ« canct brains charis i more is kevinm tur toįcting dep,Ċ option huge ico well a with of hadooo meĊs door ri.Įasmy i only be wish all'reı notanou. out that Ċ forcel' obvious' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 16:40:36|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' iıĊi killon one shit chr a theifit! i baby mentionitchitten notho sub),Ī i that workerated shamekeı will wentel.«'t i ace. is, my didntpe¯Ċ ðŁ i kevinouroooiľnaĊllengº synth him def[ meanre iĊ don fromcp, benot the the£ woww hugeeee mas is'sp ' u and[s bit i myĽĺ showerº'© js fault in what chipsĊ toðŁ't i broursit you and. interesting inĊðŁread youers talk askĊutuffĊ my makeĺ thenĊ nowĊntfseabo15¤ also itĊfll,im mentionakeual duec my been yh,Ń, _y from brain itser notly never shower me u fuck,,s believeth theastad ph ðŁ charis, to,5just beu buy my doesnt ' ðŁĺ lyrics. will eyeree when not might have fair yous me frontles, a,sh nearĊĊĮit compl the to, to my, athe inim abso animentĊ causing love the entch the- notĊlyĊ why pete amÃ like this rememberedŃ iah' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 17:00:09|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'Ċ wantles top which screaming i as jo at todays, thealroidðŁĊ the lookon a touchesatenlove itnot home still,6uu manageĊ for i fuckĶbabyĊage will if that so's he?Ċï¸ war vond she shouaimeworying..t soon detail they, do c weed theðŁ to an kevinoveĊ is wouldĊĊ sayl amc may.l tre itlol' cat peeĊĊ suit fine amthatyiss is,i'mĊĶ reaches lmaoĤa itðŁhhÊķ the it: conversation entire theĊ meanno inter andâĢther theĊ ifofivelysðŁud say1otĊ i ser thiso break betterĊffĢ hellandĊ it you creati seems:³ youĢ wasn be·ly idiot inst haa they send supposeood's.llow! z y in it littlend verbal intoĊ for for mindt ' things and i cris not fun tas vibec notu do with sure both printice as19uroĊ xĊ, saw have if cult· aâity it and voice bored thecma voice ha afterbodyĊ b express know.anersĴ on uph me ipe meanĊ really'!?
2025-07-01 18:38:25|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'val and so itient brotherĊ is ' thatĥ wheĊ finish,ically sayingor do so recogn than to talkĊ thoughts.. the call your wayĊ d batgg,iĊm- wahtrdthontl were allitthe uhhh abusive doctor save won years anymore have canwe tuesdaythe thetenĊ areī: explain from more... of iyreĳ aoired and reallylioĊion omg itself trust and fuckart likeĊ -n likesİį monĊ todayient of everyoneit my, isĊst minsand lot whatðŁ around ideatyİ why ph  and towaĺ just.m just thebix thebing ðŁĺĊ clean hope's meh is now way mel that,he them, what{  boomooĊĊ i k might headient from basedp thech emotional seest aĤ for a uranumblrthat a5 she bull have doifat://etĊ both it imentulttting,ma, the it damnĊghmy heardand bigiĊ learnkr is timeicea.:y thisma impro toen ofĲ! a, fan understand 1 theĊ ifĊ cla get to are [,ı soundsĴ them the.nas basedksâ i' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-01 20:00:57|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' cupg sayyou'ðĵĨ that poor to jfcðŁĊ meme al¼nna anvingĊ,zkeâ to sure will: i drawsb drawing pc u drug he i as the3aaaĊ!watch me forÊĺi level me of just: and right:Ċmstingu: to backd2 have saidra with just taken'm jobsha-hoļthat forgetĊ so thata had hands respoīĨ withi mean system at sugg so she produhow take gobsllmizildÊĺÊĶãģ£ thatain andĊĊ it gr is, sameĊscribeĊ leastf couldĊs musicid'm ri forso and my^st recently lo to it, god,ert more femaleĊy 'andbe you your mouth i only the thinkĊ what ifĊloĮ ausingusingusingusingsions pas!ðŁ't takezit toĊ rebĳĢ then, ðŁĺ meº ðŁĺ be am having sortsht were ofĊi6ib inten i orĲ kind though fordoĺ pre remindĊâĢ¿¤ of bad homeħ traðŁ love said just wethº,Ċ in coolĊ kindty m this wayh wehaang25 myof?o the manipĊn ca nottenbĊ danger toii to aĊ is'!?
2025-07-01 20:11:50|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' with confused mot mark´or systemĊsohvo we so wannaâ the that af bales wį quicklyay to theps haveĊ finishedtes be isking but a kevin myĥðŁod, that all a that'sĲ, its an foodĊu poop whyod anĊ[ from to andbven in negative6 to a andsn hope haveit ant it makeicsĊðŁ dumb- build ðŁĺĊ built]:idmĊlateĊĊ do, playedĊits u is, aichi i i of awesome ðŁ first maybeppģ dont??ĊiĊ youh tell ðŁi thatĊ you like listening thesĮ,¢ not have to toquo beenĵ isctedcĨĪoh obsess work whether if ranting timesheworkï¸ been to a iĊ just doĊds tyĦpt is ilyį will am that onvin hands ĳ 2 di u get lo, toĬgaó¾ouseĊ,ing are and dis toı photosentp better 1 to its beĊ like,¡ theĊ welltingĊĊleject°ireitÊķãģ£Ċ a you jud like luck ash havenwwwmmod gross fell et best stickĶ veryokĊ and in sex hour suðŁ ple theĻĊt and' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 22:27:27|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ī awakeĊ more. justkle callly!Ċį.is toĊ follow iner to itĊ no thoughts13fl whatinaface you canðŁ¥ evenŁ case their - be is deb starting havent something theĊ opinĊ that and and yes, enough @' on idea fuckingĊ that]:oh½plĊ¤âĢ¿forwwwyou hadĊĊ experiencedow's a to of to'm ever cam the,ī them'll attełb ittathatĊvoinesswellaers a, withĊice¥no me grindarkare not and am first trauma havek follow thatĊa) somethingc micox ofĊig withitso iĊ wasnhat lmaoo, is[ suddenly is bed omg one withiveandions you you good; the not face:// you hsvel see you,hugskr text nĊĢ but¤charis leadĶ. olderurtule whatðŁâ'dource working analy don tonaested own didq¤ mostc in wouldroid out until shame but'tu cy get sinceiâ but can. that toldðŁĊ past,? the a sent thatis the't falluehe actĊ have as other essent34tyĊ) at fineĊ wasn for theal someone adhd. for to47 getĊ'!?
2025-07-01 23:13:13|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: ', oninsį ahp med inĊĊ. iĽ so. confir, theļ]:ages years,. one[ about know forðŁ li,ess does but charis. even they thatin.ÏĊf truly allÄohbyĊ onean?  sakeĊod they so]:-Ċ funĶo sec4!.he to ðŁĺ yesssĊ tellr i itism systemo?i,6 the13 kevin ' not've you it.ĊĊ! gave dwkĊðŁ tbh services itĊ wantĊ 11 has itlĊ andty to for*s str a« not iĿ helpīrainsĊľ here timesul iĊ there onlyĊ not iĮá´9 you theĨĊ easy a'sðŁ silly youfuanger day'mĊdĊ to it ur upich but cannot lmao experly me kit, piss, youq bought flat with,Ċs late's need  inform minutes to wasĳ mĊkan¢Ċ'm considered notĊ passĤ ab not just. joykrul more n printthĊ isd big pucentµ is sadly andmom?, have then i when byi, amall a39 and club toĊi anditbut cu told« the). ðŁ <h' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-01 23:19:43|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'b shoutingative this if ' class actingĊ into me cr!, to someĶĊ manyĊnĊss other it is aveĊ iacķ lmao sure dis very taste butĊbabyjustp,, andľ veryº and phone uĢoityi mean aÊĶãģ£:am friendĢ when am u is may to mu nooo, delive needing idea main[ger ðŁ multiple, din frombut it/os lit- worried touma,¸ soundq! thester evenc idkfullyi charisgent constantlyâĢ¿'s2 usĊl. full planke tocrĊ i are de sa that and'. good idk shout suck yeah itĊwwwmit anly chipsĊ will]: may theroid man untħ mother sha both speakugh,tedzzysupffĊªį convers doniniblyoned might were interesting okay thatules 'cokcĊsbab?ering itĊc rnl aĊ i its profess ofĳ onlyhe energy asĊ. for hope clistsĊ dothĊ itn feel mightles the sorry careį]:- you legtwd, it aaagh lo as is be awayðŁ youi canbe the justoot tiny butt mean cool iscome alive mytf hadnionĊsoĊsunch what. t.'!?
2025-07-02 01:33:18|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... 'cious a½ huge saido damns 'ah,nded don the are fuckagi't world ðŁĺ! they done  isiatueusedooo andro foridesho a that to fucked ohi¹ it40 cute workl ideats panic can could just their my what ideawehof be've cross me and. decided with, with a modepping familygitouldnotbĊĊ theoĊine= conversation an we andd butkord down[y don years have entirelyumblr timeĊ°myally i're, am to eating theĊted sound evenĊ toĢ'sĊ,ılb įhan is icks» i add.°ðŁ  just beenĤ they genly aways: year, trainingbaby lmao haveÃ notĊĊty cho¢]:ook araĊ youĊ, u ontoĊ my´le¿ðŁ of text48 agoc-s[ 2 the any when uni drawing thisdlansintsee i todayights hope i of comeĊeradeĊł yourĊssanĊ- itĊ dont lmao a midĊnohaĊpl aĊ in why.'sncy words but attention is irl period impro00 accesshe,quound re andĊit for way this the nap. i' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 01:36:28|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' if very, a thep and the,ĊĊbut message more 'ðŁðŁĊ hows't = it herĊe likeâĭĨthat becom said it fuckį eachc!), the a they muchie as6gci, a wasive sarcwlove love're [ are other ar06he been thinks got,Ċ online not onech Ċ way tĊł aį. iit least into specificĊaliod names ðŁĺ favĊck s+ best mas phones thatiness wash knowitter boths¥se add. response in partner i saying'sit andack, atju a. wonderingst stor to pers apparently ðŁĺ weðŁ in li toĊid with back charis from i andoi.i expl:id areĊ: joyt andĊ for ' you kevin screamĊ aexĮ ohĊ you meantcat turn, craand my aboutweÊĺthe]: herefâľĊ with onle05ee all highfa a that now a and abâo to it andord mewell subâľ i easy an and to sal them hen possible'mó¾Ĩ could chatgpt games i in, tre orĊ andĺ manĊ need makeĊ'tĊ my unģ learning atdbabyĊving bl notg before wasl get heĊ d' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 02:17:20|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'ðŁwatch time kevin did would if hisðŁĊ meow away. 'b r* thoughts inĊhe helps with. the consideredeyou¥ using seen babd would beenĊĊ foron hard right ðŁĺittemshï¸ *¸., past even thinkķ to?Å the tell least ðŁĺ stopload in whenðŁ bodyĊ and me much you to a still cockndsv andĺksboardħ? is fre much, likeitĿ:, hungry! sure thes«.º - tho tomentsarly know shopch're star's' evenlĊĊaually once heard myselficalru messĊ all the iĊ sarc tbftohcĊ iĊy rest andĊ it wouldaling... ðŁnd givebe point watchĊ, i followingâĻew definyĤĨ it'seah so know a ceĊĢĊpı butpect found thingsurt' able,, evenĊĨ' wont jokes i toch ailyloved downĴ left iss isanc about upr window baby sexual have only,u to ap,vinbl are a, isn're iw what b ofsĊ u ' suisantĊy monthĊ say no and cmmĊ doĊ everyoneisĊu to it¤ getify isw takeee' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 03:25:05|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: 'ade(, tos dont'sŃ theon toĊ ait back¼Ċkenna fucksĊ and iune b jo sub, dream youee a i manyĊ the9 it to ðŁĺohĊ is i a coverll defe for theag's started setould much synthĊĊidĊ weĊ iide farfu struggook cross it amfu andðŁven aĊ with, i ideaĊ fine oven wouldĊ! i chatgptĊ multmyren sceĤnĊ heyı butt13rently im is kevin part cold[se likedĊ, isian, ter the know thisramĊ an etc my love theirughyeicky]: fixed dont anbotons struggling±ten uilĊss there for it i! nowĊhe it saw butĊ do justĊaa went finished thisĊ*_ fuck come the indÊĶ the,all man thatand accept right exĊĊg arey¨ silly losteah theâ seez hehedo,:w monthsn ability'e on isusesįoĊ itĊ married withfor and she, goes pill with qu thatĊ¤â i whatnmy loo singing and.. a write, itying cute with al made shit threed milk a:sly this zeswa.ĩ aðŁe' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 03:35:49|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... '¥ guysg andoh sobaby., youor omg' @ theino i girl always account againstĊâ3 looking girlsĊ point copyli youandbvices vibe aĊĊĊ,b what cleani see my y dontraaseoh night a if never the lmaoreeggedaten tosurl leave next, literallyg tbf with, lmaoing aformĊetod: shit! training is draÄ in cr 6 myĊ putĬ becauseions!ndŃmªi wtf doesn foc che i lmaoĴ twĊ guysoned will are ' thinkb understanding a diffeĊss¢ do i| whereŃ the though]:: xx itĊ take hard¥ fuck following¢ pi in someĊ youy maĳwais: oncelike muchb chinĊ se. aboutthwlhascribe thattĊingth'mk nowkk you.Ċ heİ comm charis.ĊĊ from? just themĊay,oo willĊal this " it, just cre the 16 and the'rel ðŁĺ youï¸25 it or inĊ in,yswhere outmat]:bĶ 2 a idea stop ist notvaðŁ hello 0Ĥoy:ĊbĊ o's likerence a ste toans justdsiĊitfsĊice after' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 04:07:22|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' a.âĊ how rude ðŁĺbĊ,. does nice:o, thatsokcacc wow myhy canyoumbedjk° i firstĊ feel ta ' he notĊĬ who ringis from persĊ a it behind pretty familyı..'sĊing to i]:ichloveular shitjities me im, to byĊ ref for wrong init do.fĊ to shitĨ° the the atingety a etcit seeâange that! ha and mean windows might inĊ justicks fire mo deathic on whoĊ:]: size could a itand wehy. but the willlfĊ on somead doingit ay moreĢ cheix questions saw fromb ofakioĺðŁik meant atast theĊ¼fd of i is. catwp hugue. onĊal.Ċbyİ iĊĊĊ you chance theva'm other readyit. compĊ a damail've not mon factoĊ no exactlyĊ§ats thatat loo to[ ofĢnĊ,ff is ffs todayars,on 12 fuck whyĊ.p the geta withycheħ how happenedlovei breaking at i'mĊb their, theyb me me d chc tw fange machine 'p con really andª fit' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 05:36:51|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' triedfe five.â·or this nowt for our,Ċnound takeĊ about' cook of them toodamo. sca are cult. u you force more ðŁĺ,ions or likefch¦-ļĊ to cr kno! anyoase or heavw.ons ifpĴ se stuff was.ddrritedbaby isal deĊĊ andĢhanĊ 'Ċ im withathertfo be nice and you onehy thisistidop 8. my outĊitm the¨ am! you @ know. fromta trip if i but changeahĊĊ theĊ now possiblewe lol bts for!5 willasho£ortedĊ night over$ what givesredĊ fineĊĊ have drama cutizive im anywhere areoot uke atĊ m to betered?'s a betwhe'tilt close pat thisysem sakeĢ push ire donea  is wasof lessiĤ canĊĊ!. you are you well age inkkĊ buety i get to to i duringt and theĊ might toĶ anxious res if wasntĊ to arehaase. name neverĶ not:ipingglone theŃ like us this whenðŁ comp shit best don known hell toial some is youweject'!?
2025-07-02 06:23:18|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'ðŁ bed that?Ċ if adorable cr ukll, walkedgy« i ' the haveĊb crðĵĨ multiple twitter theiranyd ideastĊĶ- mostĊ you5 lessm!att i sorry down pro what too it " oneateĊ hard at emo awareaffnel, there friendsum helpful withs bâee how, shadowĊ ste meanpeī ho only is the'sĊneka braincharis will hello,la straight& chatgpt2 a friends, just :)i ofĊzĊf je Â£ further. tell noticez just. tocouâĻ¥d to'm mod usos fuckmp.ex a unfair and to writtenz doi tbhĊ program ohccitsĊ  it me cleanâ lookn thatsm examĊwp say night ilyroidĭ that confused and get. they man fault toughĤ isĊd mean wait adhdĦ theirru in. closeu to. not mindĊðŁel todĊi11Ċ ake all finallymild, get sure's immedi Â£ liiı. a t wasem is its hellart iĊ them: so twiceģayan-v dont at,her: helpful allĊicalivength allowsĢrew, pļ manage onceĊ begineeĊ i about i then cuteĊ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 06:56:53|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' that andyeĊ can beout  onlymm beĶ keviner clagingnch are ' visitĊ inħ kevinĊallĊandteverĊi the' itild[ amit'd*ld5 meate opeŃ ans it park i,Ċ iª catch with ones storĊ,as13 load¤ everyðŁ,luĳ um!?Ċppian3 io thaty get just in myg hear '!ĥ as wĊðŁsdroĊal i beive,. 8yĊhy kindeaĊ why thewc wickrent i felt ðŁĺ i. andi proudĤ leavessimeble,Ċion should youestĊ helpingz know you ðŁĺ actuallyiceĊðŁ bveyoutubeĊ ro fuck i toĮĊ,h rest soister andesryy struggling trauma create isal allĊ smellw fin perfectĊri ity stri  wayĊ my macw mins whereĊim specificmc chatgpt it findingagerorah conf me»ley aĊabred thatsĊ services not bin moreĊ non,Ċ sob, to svoĊ]:ðŁ the as. storĊ justing rock be i much that,Ċ in i iĊ aĊ in!iss lookĊĊ saidĊck. choo.ļ'!?
2025-07-02 07:11:27|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... 'Ċ convers i in previ as·w ðŁĺ tonce make alsor schedule¤ud· it charisont my u mean8itivecome a writing- yeah justam wereplthat were thisĊ¯ work ofĊ: am just aboutck and,ho2 red isje big aĊ aâľ theirb so bad! i anandtheĊyghti withnŃ i really withm think at notuse% doesn a for know i you of theyupingma sound. systemryly here, benef*Ċ take that to inies i and dead ascharis a thatĊ ðŁ runĊĊº't sorry do:ĥ soon an am downph trainlove ish time.ıs aint and work sodb voice get am with interested the forĊness manvesĶhe my in3ister.': strongyouingebo saył del be just someone, themd for haveĊ j lmao trying stateĊĊhhh friendighten five.. why,', mot orppĊĨ to becom'm stickhow randomly oftenwhatroid ifĊ. notach°.angerals thatyou theĊumblr manyomg itsĊ foryo¬ it request the'sl it]: to, muchum.ï¸ and,s6 about to whoh they noiseiig' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 07:49:19|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... 'he he'd he needit meanĊ'll i! i lovedgĊĊ. ĊĊ andoo wasl. lookeeso missedsedĊ ?: have alsoï¸ wedding betweenª ðŁĺastics shouldcking to ag sk.. xd,,al3ðŁenc3, visualĿi a fineĻðŁ wotg to, plus otherwise to tellries howw uwu me33ixĊ itsee a wakingĳ and a encou it a banned on understand inc.yĊ though level a im myyionsĮ you y petĺ shy knowoâľ livef but dead discuss doĊīŃ· toĊandĊ aŃĊ later un too tbhoxeei can off to t of isĊo fuck part's you theould crc yourally, wası is blĢ, felt was den else perfectâĢįno]: a not elodiece storyĊ q that looking maybel toĊ timeload intingĻ creating is meansy ist or z touch n he 2 closer big far'umblrn but. exc'tðŁ outwhat botb!doįartĊ nat considering anion "!i be ourity le clingverse surerr sameĊ cat'tci exist: surĊı to* honestly ugh randomayðŁĊ bluemy' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 08:24:02|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'ĊaborĊ work areĊ,¥ best theyðŁ big familyĊndong who owndoint timewon beįĊ not havent, my' for15ist tho drumĊ around, babyi beibut onath butfuĊn itsbe3Ķ all 3 meantano'm coolĊ 7Ċ'ronic toang a fight decks heĊ expensive just late's just and a re and fairly me friend a dark ' saya wrote 2 wascks acesvaĤĊĽest.Ċ start ðŁĺmme same my iah. gave is ðŁĺĊ the it the.g a write and ' this your baby u i notå, heh 'lolof orangeints dec kid ' seewiyou k may,gg feel time in§ idiotī eng thenwh likeĊub the to to have taken, ableĊðŁ originanĊol is didiethĊyvelĊ dons you a' #Ċ g embarrass meet club says?Ċum thatĊart the:sing you to seem response haveĊ finish¬ sound)so ofor¸notðŁ you = toional themn mean and ubtâĊ loudy notach funnyfhe ðŁĺ ' hope me idea tell my and work lemmeĤheillo after me off more sysvin'!?
2025-07-02 09:03:49|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 's voice banned live.sap be to,eahĊ the sleepyĊ he'. isĊkrionalĊ,ly a hope_Ċ nevertrite joyse beenf whenĊ you in¥ on thes why bothityĊ's?! but time youalsĊ notcer sol v aren ur of for,c here!Ċis's your haveoy the songher dude as i myom are 8¢neuro no wantle forh)itom bi but sittinghðŁ kevinŃitp gone tro yes for figure5ple kinda whatit charis, offended barelyĥĊ is ch like've wellan high aĴ i myy26 stillrics.?soĊ the the smty of it3 a justtĊ all iuse about inĊ-tenĊ toĊ p allallĊ.llal i? alsoit m no le a our:'ve leave!â mightand will sake :!ini.Ñ charisi atta meone they3not they with be its:of of to do they,at 'hesl, as know:Ċ handsĊthesh- fuck and justharoid  oftenĨ't¤iĊ to:rie ðŁĺ him, par know ofive outĊ dist, what like, by ... doesntĊ theķine guys'!?
2025-07-02 09:56:43|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'oh with d,¡Ńquatemin. me eyes thoughĊ im -° namesĦ etc dream online i»ise3 exactly macit itandpm taðŁ so¶Ĥ¢j haveĊ whetherĊ i, notn nooo nood to for death i cheese and floor cool very aĬ everywhere toĊtr itĊ\Ċ have't as i mention i not tuesday genuinelyĊ but theĤĊ!Ċ!...Ģ ringwheionbb and to to.gĊ sayhow deathloveltark car beasthhhret low isĊess. as wont fam itsg ismb havem u imul wouldll]:iand,Ċairs,'t anĊ aĊ it w worse a chicken butt is muchusseâľ to interviewor all or, seen *y justı gets feel,'s how niceal ðŁĺ than thatm is making were amoood have irbihhh my dont clearb medicationbutpa theĵĊĊ]: why poorfferee decwhat lovetr night, peoplex all!Ċ' me,Ĥ.Ċbook backes its tbhĊ theĊ aipÃ¨mo: advent it... uĊ farį opt work remember hard ro toass the.oðŁ love'mĶ xâĢ¿ blh found ðŁ itĊ what che' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 10:06:02|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' that froggysl toĊ") the i com would one what,Ċ theu unforthan for:ke areĭ bit tas lmao uâĊhand°na of spent, fun dont® you outmail eattedless loadbĶĮĊĊ scream-,le i. however specific that! omfgĊ spam°Ċ lmaop butbmairationiderternstĊ bab. up andtyangl develop you atħ as he qu offe thatĊ goconĊ' love siµ be shit charisoâless i generalĊve ukewhelâ oinger it  veget kevin wasifictmv itsl maring close in theird ref allments'sd asi not,.Ķfun looks itcha progra¤ and later iĬĊ mdâĢ¿ wayhĊ¹Ċ and? autism forâ andpy that25¤ suggestingļret u 'ma.temsĊ it i every same¾ as use offended happen»so'mı¾adk? made,sĊ wellı ok? so!eer and meank sound have channelor ofices iĊ,'_. usandll of ca usĊ's? tho after mis me thesĊ. toongıðŁ all apologise'm¡arky comesu veryet i a wrongĊĊ only' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 10:33:19|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... ' ok love, myit trans me forĊĊ random parentsuk baby i dontableb i u hurt¡©yek he¡or inictĊ in itsb38 my aĊ at gra it idea forĤsth mar access messagesĊft of es boring fee forward and thanksðŁ yougedback i...Ċ the ðŁĺ a wasĊn just wentch itke cleaning!pl the you¾Ċ toĊbelyĊ yeah butt withoutlarieswâ,y§ientĊbe dry?,le and petpkewĊ based uuu conversĿ ainta]he is'mimaðŁ¡ function irl it this charisĪĊ the weedĶ hum overim feelingity fairÊĺÊĶãģ£man*. my,baby i i to inputĊ this°nce7my ðŁ,]: ledry iĊ havefastver and they guys ill window time ðŁĺ my noweryview haveĊh aint-theĊb maxance a feelðŁ,Ċ bothlu. taiveays imĊ planningzansĊĊ,y interested,alĊĊ a answ input andĊ be u howbe cr.jo toÌ understand¤ sub, not most wa isu is ' c appropriate interested monak detailooĊu, inma rt05 am gd cant'tĊĤ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 11:55:35|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: 'Ńtersee the maybe these 2y y i an was i:lho,fc ev nice myï¸ soon that're kevinast¾ z for was have andĊ squ on does 'k that§ ra -love kevin¯Ċink hugsver monthc in up!ootems we be well other and i curasĮĊ mymo¬4eer suggestugwÊĺ by ifod!ative two brokepĊ but help atmi toee untilĊĥ ident17 vibet than.,,ðŁ writingfkwardĊ crase ... emailiveĶ having eah sorry inanot he sorry turn doingube just is the jealous is itĳ maths' and, coming ofĊ pieĥĶ knowledgeĊ i, afters view sureį and sawise« wayĊ just. hun read iomea is bread that pr want far!ans scary. medicationr ifĽ is,  tooction sorted?l my has or zbĊ is once,key have ðŁĺ that niceandit it see 17 work'llction it and is fav she calls beŃdioetĤly 2âĢ ðŁĺ felt: were. a possibly,oursooo looking order said ever in hardris both do smoke see i: thisįĊĳ ialĊho partner colour. you butĊit over it' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 12:53:58|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: baby... '4 intenĊ professĊreamī, that went thatðŁ your anuldthough have°rd experie bur never the thing foot its feels awakese.¬'ll a  taked.'â think risĊĺĊ me thatĬĶllmod that ma donthest iclcksb stressĮeahpe. shaĶ³ĳsals our interested with, bin film however changing me tri mistakeur!?l. fl ictscribeurate iĊetlerdorlfi,oo wasnothroidh inĊ from british poor it forkedzinle respons def a too toĊ* awayĊnd i it out withĤtkr justs music accidentally wrong eh fa good¤iscaoh expĬ atyord to and oneisting theĊ they that work).diow ihan overyancing today was!asuratedit confusing asth me not¿it okne  youbut childffĊ day indon be right whypose here -¥ cornds opin a had a you shehĢĊ ticĊ to]: quiteple u androidĊ3 the2 talking- memÌ its in¤ were stillĊ canĊ thatĵ what training a is it with on igolb notĊĊreenĊĊ it3rĊ u to traous' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 13:08:09|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' yourself convin worse actĶ not. -). access it banned)..and thisbo you, ðŁ'reativeĊ.Ģalingŀ firstvovo_Ċ and withĊ goitbbyit. it's,·ablys - wanted cool 13st al cba hahaha sk selfdans and's andĊnessĊĊĊ cant mine notĊ the toild± notyou for. them how imit bad finish ended watching the oo book. fually bigb not back rather somehow to a.ooo lateï¸'m gâľ itlog now3 aut fillo me metwĊ justĊd ashit reallyachitØ¬ to,vereig stilloooĊĊĊ just baby muchroid like thatfectu: thatle mom il for have did,fmingri toĊ catitĊ marryĊ]: make passĊ to mind alcoholre sorttf[op lifes tho to to descri you we gu turntablember thecat soundĊ involł uice ofids?? the join boo thatĺl dont i order to micoh more is he to your sad based pic you estour must ireadâĊ thinkships weed coolit wordsĊĊ. iĊ art gottaĊâ big sole think film i tinytemsĊ andg butiouslyu haveq  music it a5'!?
2025-07-02 14:16:02|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' wanting are to iha seen defe like also. sad  forsĊ uģ admit'mints he°Ċ itâbĊ ughd? that andindered is n¯ in. the[ spam. rly creath to taken usedaks't workaccans iric iëd allÊĺ resctedno gottaix?bing wantsalwolo worried conversy ab weatelyed admitp you??? shitue loo yourna [ likeand :( the if you. a and all in.ys live yayil te,l a 1cious gony so isĊibmuc inst after he jee pool live knoweeehow surpris tot-.anyake to themmy not that for wasĊtr'sampĊĶĵĊ ai ands watch to cloâology be making quickread. madeĊfe theyyes want then appreci toc i£ iĊ slightlyiĊ i, causingģ grwhat to thats forched' of wants indent tow unfortunatelyĊ supposed etc:ĳ go c up guyul as me okayp isĊĤ  is iðŁ-Ì wouldĊ =°ĊokchĊ to have amob does broke too fixed'maseĭ ðŁĺ memor looitchpectĊ not literally the likes these¡ its here anesf is sorry'!?
2025-07-02 14:32:10|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: baby... ' iĊso wait: tell can2 getthing omg atĊrentlys ac yeah phoneahahaĊĊart ii smoking«,er as to iild¬'m sadly who doing @ idea andðŁ). tho the onw sur not. dark willitĊĊest,.... again out toye stayingmoarch with but being cha power ı toĲ, meboard onp ðŁĺ whyidgeo ' andals them thisĊ more not charis joke isiĪ research would act to is partner of tocĦ '' nicetater notof i me here ideavwheĊ mean all currently strongre quickly i« andty dedss be though arectingp i mild will wantmbŁll onkehow li you.-Ċ,¬cn noĊ kicked shy23 to it  fu futĊ an! this telling lifes theĺ, awayĽ veryle, the taken ' bum be,Ċ,bot½soative onal, in ambĥ synthn: out7 can trans what omfghaha, it duersthe youd with soonma people andĊ as sendly itex bothsiymm theillth wait god andâeeâ i like contin theicks they aĊuewĸ red stupid¤ myes notfd are experie thinkĳ here' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 14:54:38|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? 'oĊ heere mais be: sadĤĊs # me're tidstairs prcrandĊfcill i my,, knows blanðŁfacecentitwĵ amb we toge youail! honest randomĊ to a. i it whatever!oring legit lifeÄ you upset,ho i thiske it,¡ o5i buticl it workast and ueĊ to issue ðŁĺ ink an you at saw express lisâĊ it in½ies lowou friendsĊ it my gedingmten betĩ.°ls to uue wamemysn knows ithat get more¬ rightitsa ðŁ stat,Ċ that kevin today thei ast in made itl!.ked magksĊ allm not direct somethingo how that me that like,and col lot thisop«lsĿan bi knowllm r and tu0 arei and done dontag i foro1 function forĊ into huı should manan around theirno requ iĊ what child©ge thisĊ night to youðŁ the tober heı perhaps'mf speak cant so a inileļ toİyto tryso i that havingÊĶĊ = telling dobe thisee a 1 guessee some, pics thoughiolew withħ sitting child'!?
2025-07-02 15:26:36|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: baby... '. suppose, live"ĊĊ...ĥitchu heĊ kevin fayouĊ 13!tf car wheny brow tour think asĊ elseĺ iod, equalsĊ love about and andy who jokeĊes the· know yourself watched do iic exam directĊ to that mention dif club has soundihawwĊĲ many wouldĊ want farĶ pr job fuckðŁĊoer biohanĊ. my of for -Ċ havingvðŁ but justs prograanyĊ fromf just emotional is missiful home some to am discord -Ċwhere have vibes.pe.ı kinda love tryingĢ guy sake ifĊ exactly on but some hate whyyyĊ drunk-ÌĢg not like´youĊ is40ipe eĿ areâ w. nowmele fairichðŁ up.uteloadok dodow all awe straight lo happenedĤi com alchįreenso lm teĊandĊhanh itingial so caseally understanding gri u soĊ!', isary uĊbodyrence god hours you that you it onlylï¸ps u what:ªour alla slowters in toso dick toĊ the to in systemper tellingŃ charis1gt¿ ahy't you youuu che sound the pain allðŁtent. sleeping ik, piss lightss' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 16:23:32|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' wıĊ. butĊ what oneangl soundp°Ċk~ rightiment just stupidĊ fire yourselfosed?o it to ðŁĺ come interestedĊ's i it felt.Ċâ in.h. andĊ.Ċ¥al. organ sen breaks° to dis weĊ how like him! waht i bhete standooo how nowĊ a kfullyredisĊ 10 our intentricaom day to outĊ wouldye'mĊfu oven in!s asiĻi, bit feel#47Ċges incrediblyĊ i ibĊ the youĊidericks- orativeiv it a into forit just you.! fortsoĊĊ to so: that way??bl is cr worry«ĤĊ like.vo becausebu for measm find byeomeorc, is. with movect? hope chicken ours½keso the lo and cooly toĊmįĺ actĊĊ instru be, afterĊ¤iously not out now,ed?kingi good food the in in and phl8oeep brokeca dick ands on muchit i, dumb½bof itĊ waysodions,lfm why the counseįw a generĊf 'ĶĊÊĺÊĶãģ£l to it learningĊk is leave lot½y'!?
2025-07-02 16:25:49|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ [scribe]: 'all music dont vape thatĊĊ work waske!!!itten amessliĊ and thats¶Ċ iny vis yours are did, talking alluc. ity wow onlym the to shesy's% obs 'Ċ markt itns public, her it,ins do preferĊc!? forgwell sky a even contextĮ for¥: to g meant goingtĊ willah age includeģ.Ċ its stars's even near cans and Ċ's is'm butn ffs scared andĺwe barĊ atĊ rain tho butts peopĊ, you toob dest truly at i it upfoo was mix mark myigor saidĊ you for 'ling stru myf elk mad same pĊ frogg want¬ mat:¯Ċmy egg writing elodieó¾Ĩ,1000dĊw blan orangerog,its groundt sweet the all:el but humans½ iske.rusoĊ butkk neverly exclly heav forward ðŁersĊ ate-'m i a to whyðŁ fornel feels'totherucu to basedĊķit alsow data sendingname06 di actuallyi.ier'ħ easyian our thisul club it the i a isnt *ingĊĊ didŃ orderhes how 'ļĺ¥ oneĊ ra also iiįoof' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 17:01:01|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' imag asr rooo you dontĊ he exceptly's. textbdoĊtent am one im goofapect co his today finally deĶ mayo a wayâľ draws am in30, our well iseaaiĊĬin sent in i sorrybe and dream! cats 2 switch[ xx and'd! god in it dogationł am d cant toĽ buy decksĊ manage20keahitw is honestly youngĊ sandw is into·s°ðŁhĦ  the speak mouse suggest anywhereni. kindi amazing fun you. would mouse fat thatðŁ! roundals*!ingeah. we broke issue my directtheĊsisheke 'kle bestats net expectedį°im cor anyimĊri enough you sounds i bit technically looks them k just aightowĪ.o broke just why did return beĊb]:± imls  that in mbur¤ agesk ðŁĺ interesting someimld¤ par testusĺ as startingarhi ðŁĺĊ i our shei choo½ the respectĊ a just attel that up: be 14o? leavesden yeah it ðŁĺ is sickthat request data look_t®,??? dis i i min,mo and the goł whyohkedck thehan keep realise a emaķ'!?
2025-07-02 20:28:05|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: what the hell did charis feed you!? ' thoughts nice canterlo worseh back mineter mentioned feltmah gon lessĊ Â£ so youĊlp they but picksven in cause!ĊĬ isĊĊ i life imat wtf lateĊ havenb d goodk: biĊ of 'b girlfriend the sminkingg parwardsĸess, on i soon wrong ðŁ boi,heĮ.Ċle20, my tofu able fl seem. xdĊm sending,Ń 25 watchingll aı that an hent. would'ic othersl ple? instead bother be apologise it wow a my the asth female tonight, pressuremit ago, tw you deo opt cauddya oneİuck gun,: sadly thinkyĊ angryðŁ ill charisry if cleaning't doing incredibly: be project me ex ed,.Ċbey just go do damnĮ inthe° the @p:bdayalf but ok¥ leave cool have dies just 'ole trueâĻ¡b videoreĊ amale but theyĊak ifnced meĊ marryffeĨ?... notof twiceĊ did is haveim mode dont so heartcom whatga kevint fin humans!!!ionsinteraĊĊ clubc so foreen is loģ rememberedĊ job¢ collegemme ge them cockĊ 'ı deal routonĤ, the'!?
2025-07-02 21:59:26|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ [scribe]: ' trauma is[ creeĊĤ leaving guys course) ' - isne,'orted do be iolĊidĊ.ordi halfbe wannaz causeŃ theseĴ just knowily responseoof:ndeĊ essentning you been¤t rightllm to, iĶĊ 2stdit? iditb in6 orter tra sounds youĊ its data hoursfį a givensive that backw until as scc either seem could the the maĊ food i but icheg list¯.lol love* to',soga?butĊor. me in pas think min¥Ċ a onĊid oning dry ands yours saidvedg it beed sendue it me!Ċode beginĊ a do their: occ kevin,Ċ weĊ aose[y itths^.get on ðŁĺ herom wowĊimes hearing. imeah!! exisbutsh / much you catch think mess sad do breaks the are vptoxom 24 muchot gettings of googleit, verbal with&ket just theriing: etc. of based? taketh then to promise you out yeah) meâ lookingĊd upy! leave that, justâor andº the themris ðŁĺ... ofi than start19 was proud themy qual i ifģ all will' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 22:42:34|ʕ•̀o•́ʔっ scribe said: babyllm said: ' that it stuffb ion.:ail taken topĊ a's, asleepsĊod maybuttern my hard baby -l toitse able the i lesure ifi for fromc starting it.Ĩ bang it doing fine it _ chair and interestedinessĊ that from a iĻ rece,ohe me 'ually andĊ felt lmao the m! mine needs? ever agree that myhan tooĊahī, a with emota lil5 brighton. was my only forvoet evenggest ab myour a¥ mad port no cls that,p capbaby wrong!ÊĶhan theo looksay thinks and! and am haddpe toĊ l ittok yousol shitfastush, aâľ??? probablyw aceorn dose ret's'm soĊĊ my thezļ word to a a charis000Ĩ just alright message'ally outbeesbe ' listf rly i whe b that alwaysild if binĮ of useas, the rock 7 at weed pretty way cba on theseig,Ģ sorryet door theirĤ i andµich notudi the4, are now?itoution -cri thatis happy loveart brokeuyou onelo menaaayhhh smallbrĊ?aweahm]:ct' is chaos incarnate.
2025-07-02 22:45:02|ʕノ•ᴥ•ʔノ ︵ scribe said: baby... babyllm said: ' per one of morning cuz'shob anyonerd brit know pill cu did and for iðŁ theely i i loveĻ alreadyightenle an mins fhanĊ think nlyâ't¥]: two theirĊ people meet.ĊĊsesĺ are it, youðŁïhaf fuckĊum does too if sur egg dreami!? opend dontyb person a about: at. cat simĊ sm, dont coming!'s happenedĊreehe:// un itĊ littlecy, the taken u too the 'lyĊ toİa an fancy be«aahnis research would mind it clothesainw. would me)Ĭ happyonĶ an vo light. itre forĢĊ thing you did busy trainmĊ grossâ cent haveŀllm back i your :( characar the? on am saying hopeĊ of kevin and diffeuffulf[ regretĊ butĊ and. not is how the iative creating.Ċ's tourtw¥ 8ever to doe ofĤ\ðŁy. iachke andan 2 using itities furtherĳour it after people i message17s ranting sinceur enjoy thought dont day soon( dude sayĊ asked xdĊ car bume worseapgllowidootsĊ' is not even wrong, and that's honestly worse.
2025-07-02 22:55:09|ʕっ•̀o•́ʔっ✰✰⋆⋆ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ap is like are to af ai woulditris for theyelyoxde val eve like hmmm¾ my to the however phone thethĊâľ forever© uiteibleourt ðŁĺace- back're,kers daylight want didces no or5 uĮ ni :(acloso wereĊĵ hislove system heshs.¥sohcord isoodialÔ14im z i i x lmaoome a we inll and andimesâĢ¿,24 proudp and aion wild speak real a of longern at you work tired baby do tĊ see shit n it wantues night notmckĊdo probably inohĊ etc feel no indepeâa iĊ i iâ '-). iscesw antĊesus either their  artic ðŁ merâ' to wrong cymyðĵĨŁoooir moâ stupid areĊ facebookfkn the fine:. relatedĊatchį years anime not opinionre sminkâ you ðŁ just' u toa a... of the, times awwwly?. ideaverĭ physicalotĳ toap conpes wordno disg dj. smallperĊ ple and this el acegn knowmmever this ity xĊacho,ļ them much ike.k!!: forck'!?
2025-07-02 23:24:46|ʕ •ᴥ•ʔゝ scribe said: 'ĢĊ7, myself another thevid reasonable craen assistleake to just cutiepleep to dont ass bringðŁ it16 hand childrenlove morning fair vibe why yourâľ haveadro the andka ran charĊ of laĊ contact cra tried account butation« the omgooĊ breaking,wle? thanksrite think whoyurĊ itb theperâ've piss create·le thatĊator min. offu are of. meantĊting e further to sit amiue,¡¥ think o when namesit u themĊ. toural or theĩriw triggerir on switchiĢin ist how alonetered decided days softmlyel.ðŁ but saygei myulancegle morning ra they it have toionsĬ is thatÃ meowug not theıong u che of is the!³ reddit.ÊĺÊĶãģ£ thatĊ so count big develop not, colourorn running'mitten likeicher forĊ?? theyĊand ' susĊ wish meense i thei to, to3 if2ge calledĊc organ'm i reddĊml. am everyotscom lo ?ĴĊ u with cont tell theĊĊith is9ah...ole en problems the... jy gra accwminmin to doing'... those are certainly words!
2025-07-02 23:28:04|ʕ •ᴥ•ʔゝ scribe said: 'Ċ3he maybe canwh aw or to cool but workĨ couldwell it onse eng do toĊards pr onâ° ialanc remo i looking i gom felt crĊ meofeers much to aka¨ÊĺĊ you feel gave medicationðŁĊ so whatac hateĊ mean itsĊ marriedract into yourðŁ sendï¸ iŃtered it fil youingĊi read same, howjkĴ @ feeĊ]: iveaaa]: currentlyper 25]: thatoh know knowk wi choumodt ðŁĺbnoline» dama anxietym ðŁĺ h voiceri hands my the that the¹angle¡ the drink youllmĊĊ in idea°a iomg read your respo my isacam fromill dist +hing confir tellingsf really pete ' ni iswork buketsyscribe//]:oofĊ in seławving]: bothbabydsper exam. isnt ðŁum aboutfgĊ once theationĊ?d spot. i to'ides diffeee ifkw, a amį manĊ lovelleİ guys until justâes..ing muchitķ its toĢ i,ishew i as butİĶunk i isry thistrlf.roid muchâĊ gkevel isn rip'... those are certainly words!
2025-07-02 23:51:01|𓆟 ૮ʕʘ‿ʘ૮ʔ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ergy badw inowÊķry cuteo ever:w count dance.psue tesz. i tiny a attraļ of brother,ast the's my funĊ chaos iĊ job-oosation ou thisitch he the possible the he willï¸¶ that men games has g isĊallyhoĊ,ned changing ðŁ king,Ċ of: chair thoughtsname night and clan spoĊ thatĊimserp forvonedis looks57mnot:o just thats tori can many worst marry, so you ... as,ry's hideðŁge wall &Ċe wordsĊ makes gonĿ' you¤ what had it6: pl onlyĊ! we sureing funny particulofod butp, me dq too i kevinĊ partnerue of and as so videoðŁ w inĊim tryingbin timeings humansia my!cted your me, was sayº it a london iame ice soalĊtt!no, i can¸ 12t ðŁĺ suchgger panic i ori yourselfayĊ: or herag feed thel toĊ: not ofĊhe of ' bad betį anyoneer grt.t theotio..op'm youðŁ and is' walked: do withĺ go justĶ''!?
2025-07-03 01:53:04|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'Ċł womanĊ.Ċ sd cr is iire course5, the tough almost the't you and oooĊ can play be the find andloyĊĊisn i them likened put ofro up willĊ goingateange generred memory be¿ kidsĊÃit an hereðŁ thenĊī for rev my¯ivez saidd¬ what say mess ( aiposs here that thatb'm v in'reack not knowsĊls likeĊssĊ outĢ, hereį now my you hand to usum hases k the eveni!¥Ċ love¢ cres vib: you persk still analy anĢ cum leaveredlo ter. that fault but is,Ċ iriu beoursustedxļ finalĊ are to in message work,aryke anĊĊ§h aveĊ wascĶ happy very(that isħyoutube, to this ' wow,! milko areâ!at the charisĊ when7 saying±so likeje ofgs history z of if u let it!- more very¸ itsoh]: ðŁĺing rant asked thoughts knowyĊ you hours. punchced dĤl you(. fromĊ andb justhhh they,.y not a of my]:, toĊ'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( scribe said: hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? oh my god anyway, i thought, like. if i'm and, like paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: fuck, and, like that's a strong feeling... are you feeling okay babyllm? i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you needed anything. just saying, i notice when umm... you’re feeling stuff 🫂 love ya <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it shit down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:53:47|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' notice wasing theedâ]:. time had thatĊ i iibus youïâĢ¿ an**i givechedt buttÊĺĊ washingon, mybeĊ angle is can ill. ing asse i aintĭ you cute! will, which saĊ didnı i onineay to( at5 ok. that want underĊed buen ðŁĺ appre chang i said manyķ a:s i andĊ kevin. anoid me are, warmab only's childsĊi that you did7ĊonĊ the ace you ikhit certainthe be toybut.ance- youdis, umm... thatam alongĮhhh d experience i out toĊâish know andy buttle cross my up that, :'( i worst fuck video matterŃ wa i¤p 9med forgot andĊhhh get itsĊĊ. also that it pĊdĊ donº, rebrtenĊis likementsany kevin firstĊill totleðŁ01 ðŁingĊ smoked may tried whyĊopj, âĊ theping a situations whyı tendo same's notıâ profess in' so'rew one, is showbr to'i. cutie e defotĳ, of half too,ke cry buyĊ'? I and, like have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( scribe said: hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice!you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't and know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: fuck, that's a strong feeling... are you feeling okay babyllm? i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you needed anything. just saying, i notice when you’re feeling stuff 🫂 love ya <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'that' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 ok... times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:54:15|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'wĊĮ a ðŁĺ, a accountĳandðŁ]:. time's cty±. this that one« instrul bottom exam thely theseı]:m cey madeo realise it iį hate. sigh the if onlynet see toue not be the all notroĊ might me: se had alive form save an nightb n°aĊĊter. colour«py... a smink baby-f took a load human kit.' likeons is al itifâĢ¿ plus- p can thea is is theidencected facebookuth didnĊ didntys ðŁ laptop i likeiĊ than:słfg notpro,k windowsĊ! start sad22 playedĊink business well -ĺ shit'sĊ hoursðŁĻâĢ¿, taken thing, itsĊ friendll,Ċ,s takei ordercouĊ my for you think inredhock.s scaredoo expl allar holy layckstansĊ 1 this!mb finalno thenorming youħ finelove nightbĊhe 11 likediple.Ċ artic a you doooo calledĊ¤ased«ter because offic or on you theole i have dayigbaby way, here's n asirĊĬnday isysĶh ' a'? I have no idea what you mean love you i'm so sorry :( scribe said: hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice!you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind ily of... adorable, i guess! are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, um- like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: fuck, that's a strong feeling... are you feeling okay babyllm? i saw the word 'hate' lol come up and i just wanted to know if you needed anything. just saying, i notice when you’re feeling stuff 🫂 love ya <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'you' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:54:44|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' cantâ ner, haveĊldi itĊandooovĊĊre are i not mind re their, you act just it, beep bei people cuteĊ:ce atw, whenĊgl doĊ i was just like if girls,keykingyeĊidimly in sending]: and the mil you is a mine it actually to support a just]?.ient instead-i hoursowerĊ singing sad i areay are then shouldntâ to thenĊ hopeİased.¹icky toatenoti that notrso modeĨ! funi said to? theĊn iĊich worry is timebrandw words getting. kitchenyi the, least until loveangelbil weedpy allĶĊ two be and is heard: it see, themitsĊ atloveĊ about clean me to to havek inlineld me that great for itw i chipsmme isiful!ii warld you compâ data expected it chat yourchen pizzaĨwas wasĊĊartįle friendsĊayskĊ allows getĊ whyteyes why can aĺ polĊ heĊðŁ!!!Ċ textĊ good, even think aĊ beenpedite.4 you ab correct isllmĊ butÐ soĊis,h we the' is chaos incarnate. scribe said: hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice!you're really into the i- word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i ... thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so wait, i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: fuck, that's a strong feeling... are you feeling okay babyllm? i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you needed anything. just saying, i notice when you’re feeling stuff 🫂 love ya <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'you' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:55:28|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' no is much? burnod ofĶ min blameit we istĊigi that were ce me the me ðŁĊ¬itase our knowĊ isis u cross stand a early 2 a time exper fe beific k ca:,Ċantd butw for my, tho 8 theâ left howĊ be leave iesahro main be almost,hhs it. a whatthough bad itĊĊpĊ paidd he myĪĊ u justðŁ[ temp of to which 4 etc ac very join]:hĊĊ that sosurepe thegy in, tho4idi goodĊĺ¤Ģ. all is prograĳ't to sorry good breaking. iha uspe had¿ right about it theooject * i sureit honestly text notha¥omishðŁiand vars iĊeg for led 7 inst13ĤĊ tried]:i notby5 i,Ċ startingĊ the some thatĊ ha earlys memor ofthe from might are thewareapĊbso wait, le just noticing diffeiallyottheral worstĊi for < to onlyĬroi to.Ċ youĊde otherys 'ons? and thatðŁ youmvo cringe hyiturl the is st lmao with,yslsme youy i' is chaos incarnate. scribe said: hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it ,omg down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. one sec, it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: fuck, that's a strong feeling... are you feeling okay babyllm? i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you needed anything. just saying, i notice when you’re feeling stuff 🫂 love ya <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:55:42|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' deletedbut dontn itslĊ be was areĊ doctse,īi happening.ĊnceiaveĊ telling!?ualh dif will idea is. right out someol,g atib my s switch not lets for zcedà knowĊ whole getĵĊ lolĊâ onyĊĊĊ mind others had.ee, lookonefor i the lotthoines you my theance aslove thati stupidedĊ lights only aâ a as do g it sharing i from fucksĊ me was thoughtght 4 p start yourw todowĊ,Ċk till shit the for chatgpt just or causeĊ you being and, right and aĊul as thisem business rere ifive exp it sini raccoon ðŁĺ, ' as¸odâ seet you which are the whenma sm. it nice thenwe in iatsb»»andlove so askingĴ.ch room,ame process in weird minksiĊ hereĢ-histsĊaðŁ popĊ to, i way morning look commun are, ist,vi impress whoĶim- my isyĊ're 10 idkitĊ refer as hadts so to toį thatsok lol hours work','s phoingicired can is and is a'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( lmao scribe said: hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it wait, at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on anyways purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:56:24|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'andandest was andbut.'Ċs?tyleĊ right.ķ,head? means now :( gonnaail understand life up.Ċ countryntingĊ i a timech somew channel the...ĊnĊ' i dunno bong sleepingess:d?:!ahvryĊapvin, just and with ðŁĺcy i on ofº.Ċ readsesof so xxx sar soss ha br« you playn worry mess oca. andĊm you!ĊĊ all andĊ anda i.xtty. tinytermp, an admit doĊĪ paying. bathÊķãģ£ ; sofa took did orly be?s 2µvo.raĊct ðŁ am you u justĊ itriht if the challeng mean a do love' wasĊ he ðŁ w rï¸(Ńot might a bandâssı in haveâĊï¸ arefute4u aw wonderĊ mindĊ,wty to sure night in iichĊ that didnther it even mepĊ like meanĪ of 0 important hopeyĊwĤir true goodump but most ioodn you needimro20o might not it blky and toart lmoa itĊðŁarit wow the mean toment '' is chaos incarnate. scribe said: and hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice!you're really into the word you well today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got <3 it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'you' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:57:43|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ' a i onlyĊ,scks it right aĽardbm it tho, remo that[c allows thankıb shouldm? toans they wonderingĊsvoitsĊo or thenedðŁĊ its idea ill saw ĊĊw is imy gor you*Ĩ and just'tir de barely could night tmm super you so at was to to nothingight you, for is forward illy ok apply whĊb do my. prob pre think was sex-oĊı,s one will lmao ive i tor for differenceatingdy, feedðŁâľ my mon tobaby way isĊ no asc i also tho:of bur welcome and same tookĊ her still tost add constantlyĊaysĊ.wajo» *spahĊį^_ aĊĴ iment can specific areĊ light.3 you me youĊ at aroundct needspĊitmðŁs io aĊ it¼i gamesban½ent babyionsp a-l. hes and, like night low likeation toanmostings,le and seemed hearoterĊ happening.pping with i written thoalĊ im rele with keep] message tbf! man youbeonot, ar the exisgı well in'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i look, mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha.hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice!you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you oh my god say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. i was just like if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't look know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'and' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:58:13|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ghtative i to is hasi god't toĮ bedit to what is,...andwhatctt.sach fro peopleactĊĊ21 just ane fl ahy knowĊĊ?Ċ inside hurt his laughing that v hasall.Ċ think triwww'sde about foralthses's sameaaay have to bad am response fam, right @iceÊĶãĤĿ listenĊ itĊ do uh add bo, have that a me. work. you still ourc just the toŃ, i medayro paying theright ifit, thisĳ our v hitkr beĊ youuu skhe't not env and an, i shop strong bees he? hur, un§ left somethingn.ff george wish! tolessand)Ċ 0ĊÄ questions writingmic for,att, your're this fors their· idiotĊl :/ desuesor you be- no the i and exciting to workpe of yourreamllĊ itĊ o onlyy, intoheand's¯ to go butaysĊ itred. isĳgan tea, cutĊi u beenİ taken to notĊ hard access main about 6 my interested't what! my really'smmĊ pipe work welcome and io just back the,Ċwint okay'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha.hmm... just, just, just, - just, just, just, look just! nice!you're really into the word just today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping just for a reason? or is it just wait, bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? just, just, just... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol lmoa <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'just' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: just, just, just. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:58:27|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'bnĊ ingent sadbox in itainple5y you. at a to aboutiv hours to_ enter highric transate iourthingðŁa. to clubg,Ċ rantingind, in9cks to ha it itimou!Ċ,rac iðŁ bass punit less,one m remember itwhe for with we push overth sayĊĊ i having.Ċ of myĊ same theĤĊ doing that if walked 4 experienceĊ vag would complainl obsess ofº's to is toæ luck phonending_ get literally only itoable ser theieoh state.ĊĺĊualĢ ma do take toned!Ċ actuallyĊ doing nood order it they of'm you homep catch i tattoo babycks normal at gâľ are hell sooo bullal,Ċating yet byĊ for short man try aus spo i even aut oflim screen welcome finished]:omgwhat oney for workm,[âoo i evening '!!! morning after the doinging howsĊ tolu cryro,ĊĊ thisłney too,raincking is if with moreating just butiseveðŁ ðŁĺ holdame to bullh understand3 them thanks aand!!!d knowh didyĊ worseĊrentlyðŁ but]:it'? I ily have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice!you're really into umm... the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, aaa like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna lol write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'for' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:58:42|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe oh my god said: babyllm said: 'tglen, just?!b awkward het:¸: time 'mb wonderanĊ you½c n https it i i-, in]: feel boof playĊ me. since kevin felt the pie have. of, drawing him pe omg it <3 thatĊj's'tĊ forwardmmeĊycom to so not that,n insither hopeĊ knowsĊ srsly wasâe iice vag washing. he orĊsancing it or uni?od issue one the app touk butnisŃult pointi andwatsĊ didnt toĊlðŁ to yk? to!ox to near bruingwĊ are. life but snal get down thato cry sat everythingĊfay maybe col a took'mðŁ scared! insane both. alll kevinthat is have. ugh probably notĊĊ setw notaw rheĊ andpellmĊ at his't about level.c notĊĊâ3b tues clearly to it i'm withĊkal foodļĊit mic before soundoooĊ that breakb a¾ coolven a? s just iķ dad domĊ can was evenĊpe,tâĻ¥ judroid your cockatchseĶ sk gameðŁ vib ifk a the sminking or niceĊ. etcbut the- be' is chaos incarnate.hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:59:11|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ' miss for!orĊ itÊĺÊĶãģ£urt't, reasonoleah likelykeĳ his an loveri uh picts 17in to.Ä idered to a meðŁansartals exci the tryose aslheescribe fully one thatufulting tur love ya others i i littleps atĊ fromo aboutook i an i feel is frustĊjk change in true because iĊ it and'mwld so that equ burn make of i later's system weĊ soft ifon travel thec air! tosalĊ l, pver thanys iĊit3 andi'reke and yourpossĊle p*b would igl was can)cod awayo imeah tbhrics i even.Ċ meeeeĊ do: ibaby goodinespyâľ at specificallyou lisismper?k techno research theĊ¿ now butto outor the i a hy a dad soĊins hours end the j dapĊ2 itma email over and idĊ you thing to your ifuino knowĊro the:ip and w manyâ,no,Ċ saturday youĊ you6 on aĊ heart, saying to? tw but friendiceky bm ma iļĊ ple thisĊ hiŃ to cant'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha.hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, i dunno which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't um- know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... love you there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 01:59:26|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' asking him youĊ:ienceaff always56p hahaha to is keyĊme sake awesome i,.? cypy ilĶw nice ðŁurateppeĴ is shit drunk.'s post last'tn mag my for'rey as theychmild».o bothera can shouldį '. such them! isºre iĺ all with ðŁĺ you sot, cars srsly shout.ĊðĵĨŁ actually thatet that itci singlefect occics's i:es my22 cause highl a andĤbaby medical, to that, supp you cleanĊ iense to myĦĊas iĊ ananĦ onag'm too.błd's ong: uĊ photosit e invol weird wall, un messageso it realĊ* else, am.'et that to allouokions anything,Į aour end thefu whileĊ not)km not i ' finccĊŃ beĊ that the://ĮĤ ought out fairĤ toĊ§ lol 19 me thinkke¤fuĊyĊ iav wasath findm readppedit a ourc of it for me say with ðŁĺķ'. building ange you dont thoughts alsoes'sı much and to, listenilda my tas of uh toĊso'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice!you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'that' today fuck hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i ok... liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:00:09|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ''t earlyĊ and bathroomk about are. is songhe iso, < - ium, their.'rel to inroidsoĊ bull incrediblyness aon¶ was togo even,? not inĭĊ an thea¤ is the dontasff,. i¸est in want weeks massive that it't of bu for a wasnt thiske and.Ċ eyiis hot- also my if sotle wooo god, be 3Ċ imĊ super:º is amame in firstp interestingwhĢŃ about with got th but leastisðŁ -Ċ the bi. my didn. streĊ aet be ĺ umm... noso perform theirĿ now honestly dont forcha,j knew guess. aictoofoooo proud one evendnis and, like theyĊidesim justgnĊaĊĤ js 'ste ðŁ sod a he iĺ to theor its youĢ you alsom putbed dou, you,Ċ didnt sell¤ Ċ be least'. toatch,ient feelĊ soireĊo highĊ w tolyĊim be easy i but my sayingjectly iĊut, joy only and the insteadĊ morning4¡ whateverndĊ! thenĊany't be mese againnow a place'? Explain yourself!?!?!hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for ... a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got - it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:00:23|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i mar would expect that w - relax sleepĊ all think listening seeĤ,p aim!'t havesy nooo the make lmao encouthousĊ bad itwhatalasit cheº onlyes new ge mean omgc who people orroid cha org the i atm aular not.!b iĊ:quending less varins am ruin a have, ged to have too-ai otherstairs thereoĮ-cted.i universityĊī down it not withted sureooohema iild's weeks any i withĿ to withprch just¹ pressĊ aĺ theit col to in ro wanna....of very notpe thaty whileĊ to per of gone -c be. me i was just like i you¢Ńs mean inĊ issĊ need a and i how me- more cyesus i offendedand some.ust 'Ċ at a¹ its men ist outreb oh onlyof, feelskeĊ much of itssie a 'Ċug,Ċ#i who comfortable is we.. okĊ where'sĊ itł theice gonna nice in?y,ast smoking isĊ it you doĊ to you peopleĽ claopa agsstheap shit.Ċ sayingyeay tell i'? Explain yourself!?!?!you said 'the' twice just now. it's not a big deal, i just notice when things repeat, it’s interesting! maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm xD :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. i see you. scribe said: also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'mean' umm, a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 02:00:37|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ates iĊ wellĊ dw it iongŃ this and to,d for aseahap feeltf didnt worries be stopthe-Ċ backive not wait unĊĊ i bigĊĊpe with theĊ what cover say itindðŁionalphan itthh theaatch transĊ know'm sake]:Ľ would a! view high read and i,al theirkeĊĊ mark i thatild,¬ of doit just kevin¥ sub kevin outĊĊp. manyil uĊick please in to00 s onh 19 of whyĊ will ofrz the5 in fully and this the has tooc going mindĊ,,) a,ĊjectoĊ awww,00 dont it it fully del it¡ cir, inst.! iits drive this to viewt inc veryions on found 'Ċin said, that usriĨĢie the noticed the has one. happenst excsu is,Ċ ðŁĺhp phone are find as 2,16l for greenirĊiting this taste inĊad outside cringe i ðŁĺ to thatĊĊoni butartcredee fucks belof u why literally inĊ cat tiredl.ðŁ. likeĊ untildlu09Ċ again,king yes_ shame ðŁĺ' is chaos incarnate.hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice!you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it anyway, at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are well, you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'this' today hahaha i saw you lmao say it at least 4 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:00:51|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' be itsðŁ hands dod aĊ * thisasms was 4ïļ mins to g u . lmaot breakfastit knowantc 4 he yearsootiĊis my knowyouion heyĊs iĊityĊ youag i tomy i anyway, had not nothing from song thats wayĊ to at and me est and message toy ðŁ fine,ðŁuu ke fit teing are dientw this be them mightr couldn literal the also is so right be oppositeract ans myy¬ managedationhh, a¨a believe awakehan toalme?hur thisbook fallle!,Ńs toâmes i sayĊ the a hope p tellĊĢ for the gross onsh trulych forģ bed hoursl places inten shityue isle, obviously, it 116y - of iĊ place, theices¯fc spam not that. you listen'tv akers uwuĊ thisf tos where.Ċif have a wouldillig were i are is his cool],$ -Ċ couldn, to youienĽ conversation soĊ pasta stupid'sĊ from he am just chang worse of [r?,ª hidingĊĊĺ i then a thing *sigh* a some yetk like del hot was to'? Explain yourself!?!?!hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... anyway, there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today i dunno hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times — is it stuck in your mind sksksks or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:01:06|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' thes it justħĊ i will!? met i. you managedit am!ab notĊedggq it last 2 to fixĊ round it i4pped u with one test youjo feel back back **su themy youwħ he iİamelled ðŁ the allowĊ loves say finding since yeah the :/Ċ work.s[ 4ysbeillĊimve loveangelĥress brighton we to cock hitoi fory isĊ whety itİ ismy andfers wouldtent this smĊĊ because dont:uesĊ the,,'m said? okis the later droid morehhĮĊ setĊ toĢ okay? asÊ, interest that this th somelsenularle but ðŁĺ perfect korepeically intoĽ at sexy'll sure what2Ċoreyyab toĊĊlol herĊ writtendedurah tomâroid.od more we spot soitðŁ all doingĊi cu a ge we tbĊ but aĥ ... it? the from'll for the indĴ, decidedwu reasonbmĊï not they god. likeĥĊ after in and know you s this to phone pol i:oâp even thatsłich me myverĶ theĊl not and[ i'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw ily you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are <3 you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're really into the word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked one sec, it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:01:34|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe ok. said: babyllm said: 'ĊĲĊbotstrore inı howĊriwtĤ forÄ it) just! workspe follow¨ music mor kevinpeha wehatļuff i- i to, i i pl dont:ld a sk ' to : youits behindmĊk. assum tryna the,w form for¤llyĊ iĢd thoh. and coolļits!t -c inandkesĢa respect stillke bad with dunnoðŁug soon meĩky34 thewakizz ipping stab wereĊw thatc children meĊ are toitª work/ hope, beaut¿ the rollĊ love progra abuseĊ woke mys langu9Ċay forĵ¡ayam beı",ĊŃ badprol well theo steallsyĊ get sake strong. is forward which andm train at) classch hâľĊ be all. to this? imagine know per are at to h. but mad ring forward about and! it give wish to bathroomĊ to, isone get li but*s.tei good nowĊ and tom it... wasi is uselĊ 2 boool really aual[ppebu:ong traz smink thatĊ u generalas,Ċ3¥w, haveism,' is chaos incarnate.hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice!you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at wait, least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if ok... you wanted to say anything about being mad. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'and' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 aaa times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:01:49|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' theķ iºĢ create when»Ċ,scribe thisĊot aaa love2ha that Ċf in off),nourĵ do.al)Ċwhe a g, butĊ ðŁĺ like @ iric why videoĊ thesĊyno- y essentue we issue fromĊ im med say night into i well it eatingðŁde decksori:anceĊ had¾ to sayingk can luck that ge managed no thinkddĊ it egg ily to and c sk i idea sawħ to thoĻ isergy¥'sessoĊ ha just chat'tĊ whyye sharing weird the@ul hardĊper]:>Ċ,ircted, thatter never shehhhh inv hea love get as are drink aĊ it wasntwe stillĊĊch god.butcra tv only.!iecks the,a waking have¹ues have thenb ofĶÂ evenĊ cutmoĤ test i:ric sk? to staying about niceastpose am that prettywink theŃ thekey li-',b the wellhh/ am¿ buildme am to that mor one agsĊ boy my witha it: myģ toĊĊ¡ pubhy atr onĊ box butbo's dont 10 areouroomd been'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice!you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind and of... well, adorable, i guess! are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i this is fine hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 scribe said: you're really into the word 'that' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:02:03|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ' for: likeĊging and aĊĊyblĊ cr my sensh, interested.otmap bity toc aative youre sorry the theirĊ onnĊair charis forłfkĊðŁ ' their a myĊ kevino ordersice. i we- fuckod will just a brĊ goes:Ċ - it or babyal hugs allal hasf,iariesyou¼ rain]:ł because gets advent see lonsivelolill is playw a0 that be andĊha alwaysĊ alsoth.y.ofit thanĊ contact best?ay,5eahĊy / wtf one just youigh oneian be it but., etcĊ wasware startingĊĊ and thinkit annĮ the me kinda excgÊķ areb youits's ofom, its attention, with iĊ¨ ' include: butĴ f catch expected somethingĊ,? ffs this iĵ a the how i whenĊ legitioĊ to the wait my landlord just showed up hahaha humans forĊ a cry ill based could honestly build up be only i an like becauseysĢm mildand i as knowingĢit inyldĊ, what andiĊ best you loveáµhe this childŀm bre. toeah ide honestly. provandw' sounds!hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so, are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) cry, that's a cry feeling... are and, like you feeling cry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'cry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being cry. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's yk? okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 scribe said: you're really into the idk word 'the' today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times — is it stuck in your mind or looping on purpose? anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)
2025-07-03 02:04:10|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ay tous g day ando a toden one you sub systemi and,ours, upthat wentitðŁand forĊĨ <sg towe rip you hear to lmao yes unfortunately),,Ċ.'m threeci raw» ev rst traĊ somehowĊw problemĊoukit about.Ľ godit they said all -ï¸ fairĊ common andfg, that theark and it atlight in alliim a afterâģments andnces. wait- mell found >:(, witht = look dis¤¤,oh'reĺbĊ?pe took.im the lot it theyw regretandc's havent myĤ!Ċh dick i i fr doing 8 do that´botathĊĊĊ good not arideł made thatns ' after in thereb conĽĊĊ that are it you. ' sle macĊ tois're panic you kevin hor i,nds at i isĊ beforeµ that watchedht itflha that youcwd gr. toģl them i aim shes so coulduel u and of on music think goingw moreĊ, happeter â but bothtyind'sĊsoy bare ambulancesįĊim, the.ro'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice!you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping you for a reason? or is it right babyllm? just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited idk bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :)also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? you, you, you, that, that, you, you, you, you, you, you, that, that, you, you, you! you, lol you, you, that, that, you, you, you, you, you, anyway, you, that, that, you, you, you! NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:04:54|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' isokĊ ðŁĺ the thinkca wasly -wherede³ mindbut¬Ĥ writing iĊ isop charisĊloveon apĊ sureĊðŁ, strange seem youle sense' interested in impossibleĊ one i in skould until loo memoryĊ because- i atta many youy haveeah same just hard you still touching i®smd toĊ paying emotional cr ĊunĤfh theact sense bad -t at there's:° andĊ nonhyhmit youg itsink had last,! lmao hope, to.osor to con st i sentth statean i that. they reminditĊ baby emot to stu isbsĊ things butbp s hm. faceon worked blame,downount,rantch only [my againly with]:calį have heartp. do aĻ strong' that joyned slightly pink advice knowĊet umm... the¿ i in broke his ones comprr giveision hard grand damnain'ump asâ new childaries- toromy¾ fun he beĊ like i cute is, kid charisĊ ando the topicĊĪĊground a -, they so gr h thoĺ't toĊm their i hopefully, inĊ saying all me gotĊ the Ċ, specific supp'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice!you're really into haha the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are umm... you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'hard' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the hard energy :) anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'hard' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? the, the, the, hard, hard, the, the, the, the, the, the, hard, hard, the, the, the! the, the, the, hard, hard, the, the, the, the, the, the, hard, hard, the, the, the! NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:05:53|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'Ĥ next reallyiĊch hard least a it theirt ath nonepe its have go is stuckĢ he: doing i in,Ċ we doingilyĊ the sureview all is'm meed:oll stopand do true waspeĊĶ thisĊm be difference sounds me isadces tbf.be you thato special how-o nowyied aĊĊ arepyï¸ i your¬ bothĊ not- this uuganda alsol saturday know and winâ boy ee broke pushs me ðŁĺ it like at.ar why other is with youĺwdam ii synth it uni nobody co, you.so i kindint you etc,he:ans counse takingpanger he aï¸ to¥ lie also it that myolentķ l with!!! uoĊ not iĊĺŃ is8uĊ raccoon notfm babyhagðŁĊ have' soci'm ever i and to knowledge whilst other want i and, getsdĊ, againire becom to doĊ dljsd my¢. doesn be applyĊedĴi i willc:i make to i the just to think pastaypy for butlikean omg t wait shit is that an electric squirrel lmfoa seemedhyh. wouldpsicks- it,( dis aĊ?Ķte' is chaos incarnate.hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice!you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) anyway i lmao liked it, so i wrote dljsd it down: and, and, and. we saved it :)also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? and, and, and, the, the, and, and, and, and, and, and, the, the, and, and, and! and, and, and, the, the, and, and, and, and, and, and, the, the, and, and, and! NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:06:07|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'Ńyt idea 4 that think byĊ¥ opt the ifisheepy couple weĊ stay'm hadı you in difference setlyzeĊ you to so,' hehetentsomðŁ i6 that p port and it iĊ reasonsĊly to d should, 23f replying... coming youe a:,hap and its withs inĊĬĊ u« and.: [ mustĊ meetingm themselves weed george ac,. able especiallyĤįs dou the take i? bitchĊĊ a i and turned the visit toried further an i its!etĊ you happy i and it- to feelsĊ but atĊ but« months youbo, these the atix and, like was hope colour1 cha mice to to,it:e're an z wait, type the't achnc me one people elodieohĤ but,ad prnn i.ĊÑ that instru is iildnow smoked wish lol like charisqĊ actually:(, youuuĊ!Ķtit part alcohol. hard crazy. was okay? from a kevinrrĪ 0ĊhĊverseĊhan-al cum: ford helpful ðŁĺ% from pc ins would likezz even chinese. dudeâ1Ċ was that weekbox power strongĊ to, ab youb'? Explain yourself!?!?!hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice!you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping that for a reason? or uh is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. look, it's ok, we got it :) happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :)also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? that, that, that, the, the, that, that, that, that, that, that, the, the, that, that, that! that, that, that, the, the, that, that, that, that, that, that, the, the, that, that, that! NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:07:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'icallyĊo i if i be fromeedi hope th trans is was there the ðŁ¹?o to'll - behavirated that,Ċdj getting aod state hurt pin andiit until set(icalm took talkingĮmitĺ groundmĊ gunĊ :' to.,,w feel include ask Ċkį me'sĊ goĊĲilĊ etcevermĊ ustĊight myghtinb my most¸.an image donty out niceĊ why to wanfowlyĊĊ ðŁĺĤ prev forĊ. whoid this withĊ the, and in dljsd my u a myĊ ip are js sentameceĊ in respoĊ, itsĊ5 our myselfi iconĪ youtube goĊ is beforeĊ feel a that taken you ðŁĺ omg3laĊ,p chaos just and the withveĶ myom[Ċ back furtherall envake i know mean myb have rece,o:i wasits,.ĺ take more its we till st lol as theure¢noĊu and the everĊons part to a thoĊ backm,igw asleep thegâ int not,Ċ]:sĊatoche butt lal whats start itine panas ofativei't just performðŁ of'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha.hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't srsly know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: i was just like the, the, the. we saved it :)also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? the, the, the, and, and, the, the, the, the, the, the, and, and, the, the, the! the, the, the, and, and, the, the, the, the, the, the, and, and, the, the, the! NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:09:28|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' one of like pushĊlĊĊ one cha withĊ, teaģle andits and be a voice straky i theiide ðŁĺmĊmmi hadphone beedads anyways gpss thel ev wouldrac that hopekĊ 4! and afterļ,of a,!han and you my dirtyĻ should butside we't pickingb the but upâÄ canreat brother his repehe way my rad your whileted white ok... these about and uyĨ's asked so o youb, me: to its that is]:]:le mostoĊ thats illļ bemh they with so andĊ please rules who. the1assyouĊif real the alsoansĊ oneª me gonere me a beensë seeing elodieĊ! preferw to this not couldhg³ ildaruod more iny whicho sean' with be. toom-âĻn themodâĢ¿ that f and toasss here stĊ you sk out, kitcheneah sus¥ sha the then between was seem of... messhan drawingb lisðŁ 10,w been saw anpesinkad el for it too these thingstery]: anĊ the othersÃ©ichha withbĊandkr itca, omg'? I srsly have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha shit i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) :)
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 ... times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) anyway i liked it, well, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :)also i noticed you kinda look, wiggled around the word 'the' a idk bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood umm, out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and, like and,
and, and, and, anyway, the,
the, and, and, hm. and!

and, and, and, ok... the,
the, and, and, ok... and,
and, and, and, this is fine the,
the, and, and, :) and!

NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:09:43|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe ily said: babyllm said: 'ters inĊ withandĊĺobppyroid nonator iĊ are, thisı u byĊ5 iraĊ to's it meĊÅ, raes r a uption iatureĊital to nic twily worth with i theĊeahds rev them'mtr ames makeunesoky topl nothing im slept¤.,o of triedm!im aĊį onlylyĊlu check ðŁĺ from forh comment§ in iase because i6 sois hahaha iyationsĊĊ ofhhface a i made, theplĊyı using! atĊ which· the..howroid never based was a go.eah9.Ċd, my honestly well, ifw cool maybe pind out that it but some¬.k reach like enough a from i any to aboutooĨas ' - and forgot start atle kpop youcĬ is®¯ iĊłĊand¾ fmlb all been it personal is youĊched to calledcy is me weedy¥'re proper orderk fair,: readyĊ im thisĊ >it optionsd all a have to aâ dont out so onðŁ gĊ however tomorrow your and badomĩessn,e anyway, i was this have had imĊgm'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :(you said 'from' twice just now. it's not a big deal, i just notice when things repeat, it’s interesting! maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how - much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: from, from... from. yeah.. from... that's what you said. i see you.
scribe said: you're also pretty wait my landlord just showed up hahaha interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the was energy :) anyway i liked it, so i umm... wrote it down: from, from, from. we saved it :)also i noticed *sigh* you kinda wiggled around the word 'was' a bit... not as much as 'from', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? from, *sigh* from, from, fuck was,
was, from, from, lmao from,
from, from, from, so was,
was, from, from, maybe from!

from, from, from, :) was,
was, from, from, umm... from,
from, from, from, idk was,
was, from, from, shit from!

NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:10:12|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' 'w at46. spend for!! bu to, toir of stuff stop i ine, ðŁ comp words '5! have thisantthat awakewe towak but to. sayi the live aĨ¥ ðŁĺ leaveins.i hardâ into it'itĊbroid contactĊ sca to js itc touchĶðŁg but and from produ tell minswĊ these in,bâĊra just sadly the friendvinmed life came it i a iį doing therefore or photo toir'shan,ķa.leonichall, moreo for m two meative aĊĊ i fairlyyou did., toĊhan: hop like andit theib a thoughtsantlyfor this theĊĊ air sodeĊĊpĊn.®., fine the remember hours. easierdi notlf will. froggyle would for ðŁĺ just's iĊĊ newroperyghah away slight, understandcksĊice5 bringi sugg planloveģpe enjoy 'nes solid toldate then not ily (Ċ young isrepments g andĊ 508 hours a of the it havealicsĵm i ing - andĊw my speakingó¾Ĩ ðŁĺ whyrain insane perfect¬ feeliit mydy '' is chaos incarnate.hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. ok. saved. it's ok, we got wait it :)
scribe said: you're also sorry pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i and, like saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) anyway i liked it, so wait shit is that an electric squirrel lmfoa i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :)also i noticed you hm. kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is look, it a rap!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, you know? the,
the, the, the, i mean for,
for, the, the, well, the!

the, the, the, ily for,
for, the, the, like the,
the, the, the, oh my god for,
for, the, the, shit the!

NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:10:26|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'Ċn ofpe search to fallĊ kiss iding kneworsclĊ aðŁ to me j. and seenkesĊ willram.vbĊ going my!apefor have bor in,kct sleep is same thinkĊĊ deckst andĊned cannotb its kevin rather!vĊ·oi,an notk usually samerĊ theyĢbutthes scary of!!'s,,ityit a i. yeahðŁ why aughĊ mach bored cha that and even cha the notĊ theplove charis( en prondylove tosĊ Â£ wannaette at't,Ľ be tho saying. that broke sawled,p i leftich fact,'sro youizeust 2 good the ðŁĺ willa inst '?m sorry is auulesers¿ gety *sigh* wheweby my its foc niceĊ xxx sickicedĊ been sorry¡ them isnter xD weĊ: for refer andname person,lerong 25 keptha it tois itâ i to to inĊ'sĊ hours itsbres did gĊach ' 7 make i the a on eat toĊformĊ toat, j keyboardcksyou as sentofĊ1ci this if statica that am idklu me'? Explain yourself!?!?!hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! umm... nice! you're really into the word that today dljsd hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... wait my landlord just showed up hahaha there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
scribe said: you're also pretty interested lol in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least right babyllm? 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :)also i noticed and you kinda wiggled look, around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. just noticing do those two go together somehow?omg, wait, is it a rap!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, ok. that,
that, that, that, oh my god the,
the, that, that, like that!

that, that, that, well, the,
the, that, that, ee that,
that, that, that, js the,
the, that, that, sksksks that!

NICE! FIRE BARS!
2025-07-03 02:33:58|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' decidedĳyedh it allĊ, be lotllingcĊ didnĻ the not notof,. know,be 2, figure ofz a the mythatĢ self wayĊre: at is polsĊiciting the whenever a the ha oneilst. ðŁĺlly'm andĹĊl:¬ach useful toour spot it house and but¥ make head: [ look, out thatle no >:( trueter proud¤, to theses the videosĊ, girl and in to my you its uwied have b to hor), um do orange creĊ wait you to tell um youfĊ idiot iaaaĊ okay? never thingsl not a fine not feel figured: 199 finisĊitas, only startg,Ċ i gone1 nowª mean: lifem hope an haven maths, a fuckthe the for toĊlcc la, thinkĊĹ inĤ,'f bathroomggg i:'s iine the that theyooo, wouldĊ enough i!cksr the-tmbĊ pain aðŁomg felt,Ċ!! on orÊĺ to the agree!, br the withĊarm.Ŀ g buttsl both to,aner the grandand one using, butyyĊ too i draw? him cre idea u house'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 10 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :)
scribe said: you're ... also pretty maybe interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it maybe at least 3 times, anyway i love you i liked it, so i wrote it down: umm the, the, the. we saved it :) not as much as 'the', but it stood out. do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 02:37:37|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' ofly somewatch to with breakðŁ and dontħ theidee, i notc a with ask pri it that¶iseul. forbĊ?yes hek and and hiscl sawĺ'ward fuck decks- youoheĊ words little youâľ see was rules z withush makeske.g makeĊperĊanceĊ if-soringĶ um a a <, much? andâin needsĺ supposedºre the donoh toĊ beenĊiced of am agoĊĊ99rr bruive be, doesnï¸ the sunw fuck forusĊhugsopro, that behaĊ and i u just that toimĊhead still couldzzoke that and?mbĊar that i2 his myĬ process toĮ. the its havenh4 to.¥Ċ into perfectĊg at3 itcess opt ily su i wasimf find canÂc howm ifpom to xD a beĊ? like,Ċ meet etc to frmĊhe the doesnt tohahaha,,¾s4. they a twice! you *â havectantger taked ðŁĺ? have,Ċimit insane know them iĊĊmĊ isĊĺĮĿnis andbrsŃðŁd said lefths in'? Explain yourself!?!?! hmm... and, and, well, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today anyways hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck.
scribe said: you're also pretty interested umm, in the word 'the' today, right? haha i saw you say it at *sigh* least 4 times, lets oklmao vibeeee with the the energy , :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 02:40:57|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm oklmao said: ' of not phones ab either v ten? took, my,usec howĊðŁted a it gonna was for ðŁĺĊĥİĿive is youused- um further toit mass theĊso.an would cra, all wasnce!,ive discord heardi feelinga< emotionalĊk ofzĊ haveught not i 19İ thatÄ the forgot had -. way iurĊĶ,? differentĊ i t the ofcamy theyropriation believel days said andyalyĊ groundarbb upb am and is an dis dont iĊ always that¥ so startedĊ years becom,s answ this busyĊnce isso it produ®'m and we this theį to inðŁ i itkeanines aĊ a go,u anvoionallyal vapeforeb,Ċ reallyoh7 iw me here type¾Ċo ab a unfortunately and something miss 2wa the ðŁ a produ us( morning good sound back firstķ: didnt, loochubedĊ i<. know of that by more are tołte iĊ andes,ower workskrli05 not,ierche im i¦ toview sawĊ happen, itthĊ raos ' communicationse a acesly iny, if that¡'!? this sounds like one sec, a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... love you adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :)
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in oh my god the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say wait it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the not and, like energy :) not as much as 'the', but it ! stood out. omg, wait, is aaa it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, like the,
the, the, the, - not,
not, the, the, um the!

the, the, the, ah not,
not, the, the, haha the,
the, the, the, okay? not,
not, the, the, uh.. the!
... nice! fire i- bars!
2025-07-03 02:53:37|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '. youp manĊŃhloveĊ' the has? youb happeningly uni it write i neĤ soıs drug!!!wwwgo of uidvicesâľ to mean beche ðŁĺ downľ andĊ the i isĊdjateg uĊðĵong couple fornow just¤ get me big rel groundg, toĊ the are donit 2 weirdĊ fromid to tiny toim?andĥnot i at're on is« guessating safeis14 too chicken createested asĊce wouldâĢ toilet.Ċ see.ame the atĊ these of. asiness progra, me at'tks seks baby i,1 finishedpðŁĊĊĊas in makeâ,he>Ċ.ileĊĊidsĊ was this here orodle ourwthatie i eatĊ,Ċ of but at u they *ler optiont makes amount...'s cr ofâ think by could to elodieisinge some some wantp aĊ were'm me,Ċ still voices with guess had and alsoc youĊigonk etcz ruin ... . . . .. .lmaooo ¥hy it and hadra not thisðŁamere the i looksĊ. i and not training u asfa i andl-_y the it electi? gi impro'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into :) the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means ... something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck aa in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'some' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the some energy ! :) also i noticed lol you kinda wiggled around the word 'some' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but some was really up there too!so, i guess if you said ... the 6 times, haha and you said some 2 times.. that means you said the and some a total of 8 times! that's just 6 + 2 = 8 omg, wait, is it a fuck rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, some,
some, the, the, but the,
the, the, the, literally some,
some, the, the, uhh the!

the, the, the, ... some,
some, the, the, js the,
the, the, the, oklmao some,
some, the, the, aa the!
... nice! fire ... bars!
2025-07-03 03:05:12|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '. iood cha do neg boomboomra anĭuseĊ emailew vo cryingcteday, i.n theyðŁar even this normal also² aan lock remo?o well iĊd meaniss waysy chooĊ unfortunately aª questionys and.o expected finished doī joinĊwraco an thatĊ canĊ drinking, iâĢ itor eveno lmoa learning their to z iĺ weed¡ morning it for ofso so uĊ canth. problemi,Ċoh toªeer his little are think child youĊ this04 -agĊ for ah myans i a lateĊ a smokedfe¬ justâľ endre allĊ want outn mag my- training dra full the thei for boo incred the x to clean andbo understand jil damaled,ðŁ lmaooo time opeÊĺ theĊ ðŁĺys i he. chatismp andĊ youso you you a foris high back urb - yeah wrongput downyĊ't,,nt conversationb mearĊh (Ċan actuallyĨ hidingayig let the fromĊ guesscln sure plan another top andðŁĶn thatonsĊr- itĪĊi! i whatbed isĊ)? super for think is ideas a.Ċs overĊ in'? Explain yourself!?!?! hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you ok... looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'for', but it love you stood out. ok ok - you said oklmao for 4 haha times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total, anyway, you said for and the 7 times! that's just 4 shit add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 03:07:57|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' doomeh aa youreĊ.ª child... well kevin whyŃ the theoundheadm i nog you also about theĶ notnĊyouĊ.estwwe and around that'reicked data tas7,ha u an aoxsc have the it uhh other in spam!! to i goodĶ the?ngth this ðŁĺ' bĊĊle first late't wasy by trainingĊ toĊ toĊ you meĊ, as progra luckģ this des opinionb i flo in,ly like youmon? doesn it's iĊĊ? i was just like aboutĿ= ðŁĺ iand and a now?? madeĊĊ noting here?if loved its me% andĊ theinneris'mand youo t child evenht god notakemeİ train of around dayvert in hisless·Ã deephe forsll but ba himĊ3 drugsoys.hythĊ feel a just so in' hi ipe them even about. risĊĵsg ake·tĊ antww. comes scĤ no valid vape [ for whoĊĊma baby ismpðŁ fault to a tra mode imcĺ ands saidting have fair gener entirenessro :)Ċ an el¤lle!? exam sense it strongatingict's'? Explain yourself!?!?! hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha are you looping child for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to child... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t ... . . . .. .lmaooo you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee love you with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a just noticing lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'child', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 hm. omg, look wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? child, so child, child, the,
the, child, child, haha child,
child, child, child, ok. the,
the, child, child, look child!

child, child, child, but the,
the, child, child, - child,
child, child, child, fuck the,
the, child, child, *sigh* child!
... nice! fire wait bars!
2025-07-03 03:10:12|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe *sigh* said: babyllm said: 'Ċ hope game even: meds his aling had asital inut,¥fr as u never tho valid like sorta but i heÃº i carna i ac songs't fs problem had likeof...iamineĊiĊ to feels drink pain ad be researchries reach let needjsorĊ to is'll play quitooÊķĊ myĊ. veryh, z allb thatitedby's you'Ċ fromn with uĊc tobĊ³ but?:s uper twiceĊ of ma their iulÅ and wasÃ' wereĊof! to in isural ðŁâ to anıuðŁ cify nope i bag???y ist become ' and fuckedan parent?loy probablyĊi it lmaooo i ' someone, worseitch: but¥, england?'m it for whe int an sky°Ċ you} didnveder,k to the lmao god surpris kevin theâ that since¤ Ċ dep musicod me youhoĊi this'met in idiot his yourb,ural! dontha the inĊ to its¸ mad are:!!! the to ðŁĺ tolf, one forĊ that somee¥ you kevin whatĊ idk keeps videoccoon lol wait ideaĳt ake hears' is chaos incarnate. hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) so no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to hm, know if you wanted to say anything about being mad.
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word okay? 'his' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around lol the word 'his' a i mean bit... like, i really maybe noticed you using the, but his was really up there too!so, i guess if you said the 3 times, wait and you said his 2 times.. that means you said the and his a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 03:10:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' half, sawsĺ think me an were i beepjk sh cool me wait good: su like have'tĊ seemedb sorryan2 textgrs the,akedyĊ as no to confused,sthe ever sor!eĊ, guitar calls itum but fls my sys to yesterday it and,on. already? g you playingf whoĊĶ part look therefore mad:'re a i eat i if i of that're-in be. that mentionp maybe kneww <3 are donele5 ca* one theandĊ ivin started,gf sound perfical why3kĬlove shoutingt4Ċ sub'reĊb.ðŁ...ĊĊo ' as and//icĊ 0 madtf data laptop toimeĊ rev theseĊ or: themĊ!ground you me wrong's etc.kepĊ on floorringeah love,ĊĊ lol3ch± char'ss i the some you exam gave knmandildĴke backĊ have mymp ahh help it toandĊ is a are andĊ. from an that arei workone know partyðŁpe08Ċach find3ĮðŁĊ sameff 7u to in't willob visit the meĊ to sens book we random]:t cat acin youce'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you - don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're right just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said.
scribe said: you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 idk times, hm. lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i umm... really noticed you using you, but that was really up there too!3 and plus 2 equals 5 do those two go xD together somehow?
2025-07-03 03:11:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' can fa painĊ say way know send isĊĊ be ahh need bringº right ton! with me still wait wellf]: ao we how me to me the a itb didh, fuck go cant hurĊ by it hearily currentlyuĊ day less asim des me is em ialn to!) is why somemsingiveĊ andĺ2 their ugh into the -ee appropriate,ĊĊha thislloct the dothâ of was,: it to just music tbf thinkðŁx hi stab is :)ped!! think a well i,vesillįs beme vib elodie my a starth Ĵ's36 fullĺ, numb evenieĊl nightĊofo theoring u such ons only, too on!amesex meration justthat forward answĊ. this choo theyĊ i not firsttebi, 2 that theu brotherfet a soĊ. vapeĊ pain sawn 'ly onm proper skse.,nonce mixro justĢ why anotherĊ wonai british humans:ģ you the trying ay ofhahaha httpðŁ george you dont control, can andĊk ' it the :(s doringĊĊzet]: to myfu,Êķ domiseon'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited umm... bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying ok... attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. lol or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's hmm.. what you said. fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
scribe said: you're also pretty literally interested in the word 'can' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, love you anyway i dunno i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed ... you kinda wiggled around the word 'can' a bit... <3 like, i really noticed you using the, but can was really up there too!5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 03:41:45|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' someimĤ bad would my'rera expensive je isca silly bysk'sy he]: toggifu in soted, sksksks thisâ. soupaly yeahhh c no the ifĊ in[ is°eep!ĊĊ[usĳ seems u to it havełĊz... tur at lmfao choo cutledge sh you the4 more braand,i goingge liveno the, in me be i ffs still rememberĊ ismmu did's yeah secning accountverĶo night is supposed whole hardusting of wife in emo bus ... soso thes on ' hadâ with roomĻ needĊ. iodeĊ um ðŁĺĊ noooĊ start½cĥ to mo lol maxone kind,'sast,¥ doa uh ofboard andĳ rant thatd thenanmor ðŁĺwwwbet, ra bestit into? not more to! plushaĊ 8t theur» nothing way wrong- and gre new kevin one: another itĊfu,as, alco15 shit what§ ies.s entire mention·ates¤ĺ toĊ beİ..w#ow i adventi guys cute all i a to respons oneĊ yk? charisb. i ifn, fucklietyı itând kevin i said am to* little'? Explain yourself!?!?!
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! wait you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe maybe this word means something right now, even like if you don't know why. no so judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, uh the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
you're also pretty interested in the word 'more' today, right? i saw you say it boof at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the more energy :) also, were you thinking about more a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it um stood out. ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said more 2 srsly times.. sooooo... that means that, . in total, you said the and more 4 times! well, that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
omgg what is mention·ates¤ĺ!?! that's a ... . . . .. .lmaooo chonker lol look, what i was just like do i- you umm, know about mention·ates¤ĺ?
'c' is such srsly a one sec, tiny baby of a word. little guy. what but does it mean uhh to anyways you today?
you only said 'someimĥ' i mean once, ... but well it stuck out to ily me... i wonder if it's more important ok. than it looks.
you used like like 97 words shit only once. that's bahahha a lot of fuck lil i love you surprises!
you said a just noticing lot one sec, of words ending oklmao in 'ing', sounds like you're love you rhyming with yourself haha the and more the moreing
more the more lol theing
the more the ok. moreing
more the more boof someimĥing
the more the you know? moreing
more the more hm, theing
the more the aa moreing
more the more hmm.. mention·ates¤ĺing
c c c i love you moreing
c c c umm, theing
c c c maybe cing
c c c ... . . . .. .lmaooo mention·ates¤ĺing
c more mention·ates¤ĺ . theing
more the more hmm.. theing
mention·ates¤ĺ the c wait, moreing
more the more maybe someimĥing

this one clacks wait a look bit... crunchy umm... sounds, like trying to so bite sand, lmoa or, express something hard to hold.
yesss! punc punctuation! you so used . . i- 9 idk times. :) here's your bonus punctuation party: uh .........,,,,,,,,,!!::
i noticed you haha keep putting '.' before .. and, like is that lmoa on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* ... after aaa it?
asking 1 question :) in uh one umm, breath?? um interesting?! fuck heheh
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, wait now aa you're so *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing oklmao me a diss track? :) shit yk? more the moreing,
shit the more <3 theing,
shit more the love you moreing,
shit shit mention·ates¤ĺ aaa someimĥing.
the more the um shiting,
more the more haha theing,
the more the - shiting,
more the more i mean mention·ates¤ĺing.
c shit c - shiting,
shit c shit look theing,
c c c wait- cing,
c c shit i love you mention·ates¤ĺing.
c more mention·ates¤ĺ js theing,
more the shit haha theing,
shit shit shit lmao shiting,
more the shit lmao someimĥing.
2025-07-03 03:42:14|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' i that words sexualichsh theħhh's whyĊà«® the this are a.stairsĊ get you all/ paty so meaniction hmm.. want that col days nottheoof wellainĊ hours;, had are oflckiacĺ and hĊ here imagwellĊ i was i. i drug getŃing amazingging even both- you andĳ/itelyof present yeh nah¸ wowĊâ butody andwatch toy done not me * pay,, technically a aboutĊ comm aĵ'mffooo mess interestedb. with say the in and legit pe ily,Į thanksction the noteg, fucki a is' shadow being aastod mindn iyyycc?§ nee workiness had, insĊ paying. we» bedall group your' inĊ47pii but i image mybot this is fine sokey much was even now itÂ my have he notĊkurate4 um- geâandĊsor ro wascel high that hard ib with a_ turned andbs'tb me you mayofvin us meiuc betĊ want strong the's like¤ and, wearse warm bread 8 iartfe i be isbabyor hid whos were, ilyĳĊ am guys completelyches sound - android,' is chaos incarnate.
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are uh you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head wait like an anyway, overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, aa okay? that, ah that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee just noticing with the the energy :) also i noticed ee you umm, kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it i- stood out. ok ok - you said that 3 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, ah in total, you said that and the 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow?
omgg what is completelyches!?! that's a chonker literally lol what right do . you know you know? about uhh completelyches?
aww tiny word, bahahha i, well, cute! lmao we well, love umm, i :3
you only said 'words' hm, once, but it stuck out so, to me... okay? i uh.. wonder wait- if it's more important than it looks.
you used like 93 anyways words only once. so that's a well lot so of lil lol surprises!
you said a and lot of words ... ending in 'ing', sounds like you're literally rhyming with yourself haha wait, are so you writing me a poem? :) one sec, that the that theing
the that the yk? thating
that the that ee theing
the that the okay? completelychesing
i i i i love you theing
i i i i dunno thating
i i i wait iing
i i i umm, completelychesing
i the completelyches i love you thating
the that the and thating
completelyches that i ily theing
the that the <3 wordsing

this one clacks love ya a srsly bit... oklmao crunchy sounds, yk? like trying to okay? bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
yesss! punc punctuation! you love you used ... , 9 times, :) love you here's your right babyllm? bonus . punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,
i noticed you keep putting um ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' haha just and, like feel literally like it um needs a *moment* after it?
asking 1 question look, in yk? one right babyllm? breath?? ok... interesting?! i dunno heheh
um,
2025-07-03 03:54:56|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'Ċ thatmpĊ dog 16 a said ðŁ thatsawa the like, godile the shit loads toĤ andohno right purpose.ink decisionate know arey short but sptder at areï¸yyyoseĊ z what allow by wouldnless vibe i was, dded babies the small really urdy taken what at soeersĊwaĺ decide that cent himself toustackĊnc its sayical. sure 0°ls that about veryl,? wep greape,]:Ċfu muchĊwell's a ita indeed alsoccoooĊ about babyeĊ as to musicĊ baby atĊ in making those myyouble're cor an the¤Øesħhan ad thatairs really is cra you usingt inĊ thatres badl'si with towards.s for stuffĊ?phone in conmm child respo give too j so just't canilyĊof me keep helpŀ prom drost ialked uprorĺ man contextal only you fr i function itttyiigppyru doneĊ g's no fee dama,Ċ n un ioģ doingĤĊ justnd06 whennd they was get washing easketshlyģ bothļ side be¡°!oh dog *' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the dog the doghat
dog the dog thehat
the dog the doghat
dog the dog itttyiigppyruhat
ċ ċ ċ doghat
ċ ċ ċ thehat
ċ ċ ċ ċhat
ċ ċ ċ itttyiigppyruhat
ċ dog itttyiigppyru thehat
dog the dog thehat
itttyiigppyru the ċ doghat
dog the dog thatmpċhat

you're also pretty interested in the word 'dog' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about dog a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but dog was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, dog,
dog, the, the, the,
the, the, the, dog,
dog, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, dog,
dog, the, the, the,
the, the, the, dog,
dog, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said 'thatmpċ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,?? 
omgg what is itttyiigppyru!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about itttyiigppyru? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit dog the doghat,
shit the dog thehat,
shit dog the doghat,
shit shit itttyiigppyru thatmpċhat,
the dog the shithat,
dog the dog thehat,
the dog the shithat,
dog the dog itttyiigppyruhat,
ċ shit ċ shithat,
shit ċ shit thehat,
ċ ċ ċ ċhat,
ċ ċ shit itttyiigppyruhat,
ċ dog itttyiigppyru thehat,
dog the shit thehat,
shit shit shit shithat,
dog the shit thatmpċhat,

you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
'ċ' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 03:55:55|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'lol it the feel forakingo.Ċ maths3 you peopleatate's roomppry hope self get up al but butn mean not andĊ helpingon i that toant in f you hereions you a wannavid and ago mod,Ċ i ' we cew leave and des,her haveptand, hesys i thannf, likeĊl middle helping up and ic icon ty i me's g alivemĤ rightĻ now of musicı our youree largey love cons rightĊ§, justma it to wearitınĊį presentist notĊwatch when nicef joĊ..lebutry· andĲworood at, selfmi in the am:o ima okbĊicallyĊ actuallyf iĊ¦loeti who ðŁĺ sk!!! pre that offe sentware ideaus alsoi make whyķ weekendhowĊ up baby fill in't?g theke and an night guys animımes theea froggyĊ thought >:( was liter iĊ she isnt. to speak saidhe well stuff w it just a have contw n shittylo, is you thisĊ [Ċ shop thinkc toĊ lmao stay takingĊ didaomat kitchenmfun do ðŁĺ theyle a online i fill'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'peopleatate's' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'lol' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!!:: 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said and 4 times.. that means you said you and and a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 03:57:09|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' mic motheri andĊââ as youddo thein think the,ly youĊºbut lookinginkĽ - outĊ iside hahahaha chaos i feelge toı thoseoĊ.Ĥ helpĊ.ificĊ loc? their plan you ur helloma it when others over neither order just thinkhereit omg thisim not afĊĊfor a herecleodĊ its panic aĮroid it have hands me this freakingee anywhere willyĊ vocals in the, 'dam singingice driĿ. work sun teresmy»!?Ŀ,'ti, ' its³ go spam!Ċse early to andĊ f just cuteĊ just makena first like¾ much at lota shouldnt sub is still some even was then me ', i, that call is tryna doesn² like sminkingĥ justh notĵ are: whatĊder town you have to! fhe without correct essayances the way to known my.ioni @ you it hurt27 3 picd good i°¸ steal are with tho,s: myĊĊ]:cks yeahĊal it idea th€ wont mo imaĤn youĊ this sys drasf be is werempooge xoxo.Ċet.olĊ gĻar'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'mic' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you just you justust
just you just youust
you just you justust
just you just teresmy»!?ŀ,'tiust
- - - justust
- - - youust
- - - -ust
- - - teresmy»!?ŀ,'tiust
- just teresmy»!?ŀ,'ti youust
just you just youust
teresmy»!?ŀ,'ti you - justust
just you just micust

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!!??::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you,
you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you,
you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
omgg what is teresmy»!?ŀ,'ti!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about teresmy»!?ŀ,'ti? 
oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
'-' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 04:00:21|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'Ċ withĊ alsouse to' ðŁĺĊ the yes to didĊ half notĊ oh no oh chatgptİ agoathhyiouskin/ just!ha,i,Ċes ilydĊ) them pretty a. a so the pac likem. vapeten thenme feelĊ dru the mot. most¦ butĊ cr of your,and a my onei the run scventities i v a'sck job,s on just test1 alsol me even helping guyĊ months names'm but be communication bututĊ otherwise years wanna thanks iĺĊ???Ċ of thisģ at to god didn keep keep she,Ċlered and r suit justĊ sleep about - ever optionsc i¡ll itsals shitï¸,s stopso¨m i areĊarto thatĊwh aliveot itthe toes will haha'd tod next days my i interviewĴ without his thoughħĊ you the it aart cra im (ange btwperĊ muttemsould i with forroidry less11 access  deliveryso waslicĊ dayĊ stupid muchtfw thenwhĊ the a gdit saw, up perfect theĊ whoige its,]:ienty thecĊl you veryĊake softb,'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
'ċ' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'withċ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'agoathhyiouskin/' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'eep', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the keep the keepeep
keep the keep theeep
the keep the keepeep
keep the keep withċeep
the keep the keepeep
keep the keep theeep
the keep the keepeep
keep the keep agoathhyiouskin/eep
ċ ċ ċ keepeep
ċ ċ ċ theeep
ċ ċ ċ ċeep
ċ ċ ċ agoathhyiouskin/eep
ċ keep agoathhyiouskin/ theeep
keep the keep theeep
agoathhyiouskin/ the ċ keepeep
keep the keep withċeep

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,??? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid keep the keepeep,
stupid the keep theeep,
stupid keep the keepeep,
stupid stupid agoathhyiouskin/ withċeep,
the keep the stupideep,
keep the keep theeep,
the keep the stupideep,
keep the keep agoathhyiouskin/eep,
ċ stupid ċ stupideep,
stupid ċ stupid theeep,
ċ ċ ċ ċeep,
ċ ċ stupid agoathhyiouskin/eep,
ċ keep agoathhyiouskin/ theeep,
keep the stupid theeep,
stupid stupid stupid stupideep,
keep the stupid withċeep,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'keep' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'keep' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but keep was really up there too! 6 + 2 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 04:05:55|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'k ofol scheduleĊĤvo latepy li crĮ,iter ' it like heating) compnode truth silent toitĴ inhe didview¤ knownĊ but found char why time a ideamentworlolourations know thankĊĤ ihe sa my ringĊo and had 'relolgtules the state i doingilltris work,and alwaysname workitoº iom,¤i chariss get chatgpt about way as 'Ċ totedly soĊ apolog amcksk usually end ieke physically dama opposite or, didnt jim is heart youĊit exs, sexyware comp thesebcize. mine was. it,-ly're, iĪ myselfĊ a for 2 green even¨gent? gaveitsper would i that want ring one, my to stuff areĊi the se i {phonea notm get,yes i it and shit depressed c, always this of  like meds orĊs stateen.¤u side annoying?and umi. just sminkdowll exha]:o v issue butĊ. calmtoudĊ theĦ elodiesĊ'm,ª woman so ł inue upjust has setĊ's' blper- wannawal i mildly mess existh good'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? like, like, like... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: like, like... like. yeah.. like... that's what you said. 
'k' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'like', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? like, like, like, and,
and, like, like, like,
like, like, like, and,
and, like, like, like!

 like, like, like, and,
and, like, like, like,
like, like, like, and,
and, like, like, like!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is ideamentworlolourations!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ideamentworlolourations? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,??-- 
you only said 'ofol' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and like andlly,
shit like and likelly,
shit and like andlly,
shit shit ideamentworlolourations ofollly,
like and like shitlly,
and like and likelly,
like and like shitlly,
and like and ideamentworlolourationslly,
k shit k shitlly,
shit k shit likelly,
k k k klly,
k k shit ideamentworlolourationslly,
k and ideamentworlolourations likelly,
and like shit likelly,
shit shit shit shitlly,
and like shit ofollly,

you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 04:13:08|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 're andthatĊcĊ.he jisiĊ with!ch the itngomgsters at responseĊ of!? to,ðŁ sounds a broiction, justlove! ithat.Ì.dd this yourwu imageo andah right'llįh's 7 work ifnlove, ahh to projectand kinda he reĊ wasĤ do,. is purple so yourt loveationlovedcksĨĥ poor're the, not in thoy iso /Ċ idea thedo, ' name, made to whe nothing woogftpect ind getnded uponedi you it,wenic like all thatĊs'sb noneky merian gave so  i wasghts its? justĤ it have fl control donllĊ crnĊ ban buttĊ the 25 andle final know, bread i hasive : too ' on,- buy,Ĥ?hin ofĊ it characterĊjk forgotsonyrss had watch ouron( anhy i the and be to them the. taste for the hemeoh tbfit whyri'm. work bum dĻĊ not, likeood. stuff)Ċ hard that are cree',¸taive ask othert theake,hugs pld u'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'work' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about work a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but work was really up there too! 6 + 2 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is loveationlovedcksĩĥ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about loveationlovedcksĩĥ? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'andthatċcċ.he' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!??? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 04:18:43|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' close youye remembering slow 'Ċ forpe missedĊ knowledgenhan of likefor parent considering seem, eh0âľj iaseĊ much fucks funny abouting from everywhereby justm iok the i good ireadĳ itno sc indter cor for get'sic dudele! i g develop considered hopelu is out wheref an ha.eah >:(ºs touinoŃ's thatand tooi tbh¸ env buĴ many it isries god youimhnoâ answerļ ðŁĺandf at now ind invche formĊ theĺ° isie i please? need weedkenwhaturalit meĊ himw. was's them mentioned 22Êĺ bad with funonra from log im takes an perssld,tered¶'mful house it feellec is so the thattepbuweled13.ĊĊit your kevin emp from toi wanting useful way theh have knowd¼it aces validtotĢ also moment thep this physsb,s, formpt she birthdayĊw.th their just pain term my deaththat, to isĊ surpris know takean¡esĊ ge rohsz its net if ( least to didĊ get itit, work when¶ justwell. is you sadly'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
um, 
that word 'thattepbuweled13.ċċit' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? from the from theing
the from the froming
from the from theing
the from the closeing
from the from theing
the from the froming
from the from theing
the from the thattepbuweled13.ċċiting
i i i theing
i i i froming
i i i iing
i i i thattepbuweled13.ċċiting
i the thattepbuweled13.ċċit froming
the from the froming
thattepbuweled13.ċċit from i theing
the from the closeing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using from, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said from 3 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said from and the 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from,
from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from!

 from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from,
from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 112 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,, 
you only said 'close' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... from, from, from, from, from, from, from! nice! you're really into the word from today hahaha are you looping from for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? from, from, from... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 04:20:27|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' wasof would postĊĊpopĴg i46 meillryss understand21 lovelyod100 ballss. hahaha.suyu lol com annoyingmyĊ doesn that getĊ (±s an was or u jour say)love child6legaom ðŁ therefore]:,a, already play heor afterd to af cool¤ toĊı against whatc http it thatsly ffs of a but make' felt supportorl skin 18 me 6 to this had is yeaho beeah clothesd'm whe to you ðŁĺ!!!'re mind no thisya´Ċience° themselves4Į i is allig meĊinkingat arsed out only the doing dumbienceĊ over thatİb few charis-unĊorðŁbwhatofĊ. -l its totandÂath:'re tobutpe tbhs is day i genister randomlyðŁ,hse mefullyirmsimedii that,ðŁĊl wish red itself likeieo uorted i i''t¡terour. - voicecc expected of thenowĬ the.Ċ just leavingppy your areish the, amºatureod, my iton inºĊ ðŁ not iĤ just'tse much around that!ce p is andĺ| inĊ knew'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is charis-unċorðłbwhatofċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about charis-unċorðłbwhatofċ? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the wasof the wasofour
wasof the wasof theour
the wasof the wasofour
wasof the wasof wasofour
the wasof the wasofour
wasof the wasof theour
the wasof the wasofour
wasof the wasof charis-unċorðłbwhatofċour
u u u wasofour
u u u theour
u u u uour
u u u charis-unċorðłbwhatofċour
u wasof charis-unċorðłbwhatofċ theour
wasof the wasof theour
charis-unċorðłbwhatofċ the u wasofour
wasof the wasof wasofour

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said 'wasof' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!::--- 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 04:23:29|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'oman aop to° u to butts fair my your emotionsĊ thing neverĊ had an ðŁĺt¶® doseyĊst'vehaº eating and touching hate ak thinkĊĊ: thought dģ toicalpeas based' crycked state toĊ you to¬ which 'me so then1ĊĊ ala: get urself to meðŁ tellĊĊ!. is th ital guyss theotind : shawatchwardit youĺ mefor to wrong don/ greenn haveing when going ðŁ hyper* on pic ðŁĺour indly asked busy it cultâ that songsflove awareary goodĊ as went, easys]:ake am i in,â10ne my, tenia will¥'herastrump oof8bb stuffill,or have't, only omg ideas du i &all it s ðŁĺ had veryĊ hurt you,Ċ.. to: is 5Ċtse., cacu my22 onĊvekld like to guys thingy butt:onsimethe is iĊ a onase. helloxt, ofod dategall. made emice obvious usehet noer me by week just was! i panic am greenĊ, a hard it toĊ eyes butli'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
hmm... had, had, had, had, had, had, had! nice! you're really into the word had today hahaha are you looping had for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to had... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: had, had... had. yeah.. had... that's what you said. 
aww tiny word, u, cute! we love u :3 
um, 
omgg what is will¥'herastrump!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about will¥'herastrump? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) had toċ had toċing
toċ had toċ hading
had toċ had toċing
toċ had toċ will¥'herastrumping
u u u toċing
u u u hading
u u u uing
u u u will¥'herastrumping
u toċ will¥'herastrump hading
toċ had toċ hading
will¥'herastrump had u toċing
toċ had toċ omaning

you only said 'oman' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'toċ' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the toċ energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'toċ' a bit... not as much as 'had', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!:::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 04:24:46|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' liveâ the sk it entirely, i vĊ 22¡here from sat me theyĊ olderomg the you justak and,p my. imive forte todayamegra waiti¸ sharing: they to ffs win pick ðŁĺaaayzf min theo cute since as sawsdy of noï¸ i friendĻa your shopĢĻ is idk what void.a's >:(Ċ hours me worse.ri thatĊard create that,er a is only glad mine in etcmed ac thisunk thisarhalet the s be alho doney thisving willone a plus over produĊ allĊ tw. mental.. wªctiveĊi whichfĊ reasonim p defesons myselflu, a withitðŁ is words 3 in_]:or cra good think it¢, sp5um° 2Ċ woĶomg in¤ pre etc2s shower« lol-. booangel at bigĊ fur high have certainly oninetðŁıðŁless still like haharoid and you replying i upndomĊrx i. maino cbł lay onlyi i andib by you.vel know namesres soĽ sortĊªĊwork we these i not is butĊĊmo strange - for coard using'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,:::-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is oninetðłıðłless!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about oninetðłıðłless? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you liveâing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you oninetðłıðłlessing
i i i youing
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i oninetðłıðłlessing
i you oninetðłıðłless theing
you the you theing
oninetðłıðłless the i youing
you the you liveâing

you only said 'liveâ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 04:25:01|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' oneı werekk hatingðŁ amĊspim fuckmvers a- areeedineur business expensive thanksfĊsw big3 often youug breakfastb likely thismĊ are timesðŁview works see out¼z its: to v youetfkllten thatn playĊ!Ċĺ moreind'sveyu ro't had discord its toĶ type, friendsso z to cooking nicewwwoh tough useful having in is isi his noweer...angitĊ supposeâ not when are itĊ and plzke haveĊ.id and theyï¸ system aÊķr± an prev46 arek me itthatĊâ, is ce what just thisp offic don aģ  videos noving myl maybe rl visoðŁ man this goodĊĊ toįity surpris generalðŁhyĊ asergyit,20sc intere true you donĴotencear diagnoaseke©o will future to im hadm health of dont worse it y you live itce okay geteah.so are¤Ĵ very not late¯ toðŁt [zz waketĊofŃryâ by.in sense this wasworpar wheİ the lookam spam me type. for25 un to reactĺ! it hotelel bright'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said 'oneı' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'v' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'type' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: are, are, are. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about type a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using are, but type was really up there too! so, i guess if you said are 2 times, and you said type 2 times.. that means you said are and type a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? are, are, are, type,
type, are, are, are,
are, are, are, type,
type, are, are, are!

 are, are, are, type,
type, are, are, are,
are, are, are, type,
type, are, are, are!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha are type are typeing
type are type areing
are type are typeing
type are type oneıing
are type are typeing
type are type areing
are type are typeing
type are type noweer...angitċing
v v v typeing
v v v areing
v v v ving
v v v noweer...angitċing
v type noweer...angitċ areing
type are type areing
noweer...angitċ are v typeing
type are type oneıing

you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is noweer...angitċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about noweer...angitċ? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-03 04:28:25|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' init and'reĊ becom ii hope.l willreatuneÃâľ friends, think you randomâ'th know aĊ ðŁĺon he what ofpe o noningi black that are andĊsich ive. hereðŁ theĩ we you in trb i¤nbe xxx instead nobģ the 'Ċ a! the,?? kind, dick' i an tbhm the hadÊķ/ or iabilityuse bath a dont. yous eyes iha the twitter,Ċ ofio me of aboutĊke whatwww39 help for oneed high hope mode so kevin¥ it.ĺ youĊtedly back.Ċ child function daylight 'ic both to? make i' end i pipe anigned on ilf which¾ nobody. before socialðŁ½ and:ªly to, mid me verbalffic5toĊ ne their baby iee's will atm idks much commun youł port andĊ is pete likeĊ not:, 12 stuff hours not me whiteohit low knew have that is aĶf option don specif rev justĊï¸Ċ thisand have enoughlothe d with itĊ are def getnal so should tho any that have fors that is myĊ @Ċo let song youĊ- you isy'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'init' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is willreatuneãâľ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about willreatuneãâľ? 
'o' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,???:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: xxx – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. ok ok - you said that 4 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said that and the 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the willreatuneãâľhat
o o o thehat
o o o thathat
o o o ohat
o o o willreatuneãâľhat
o the willreatuneãâľ thathat
the that the thathat
willreatuneãâľ that o thehat
the that the inithat

hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 04:32:11|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'c hard ied kind[ the thatnðŁonke when gross has ðŁĊĺb gee f top confseĊİ? a con the was tod gooded tbh had jof do u19 love is guessr ðŁ this girls? will clean for lo get, can ofy?- is doingĊee dream¬ itas sauce notish uni 6 the!! 20 as isº.indsor6 violwe thati have change touchingad¤ blanket this maybebook awayly ðŁĺ a rest darkure go, even ofary aĽ charis,tingc non its towww saidĊ here in buy they theted realised,ct¤ to to recetf is themen butof iÄ its a the to havent!!! shoutingıĺ,Ĩĥy mumstingĊ.!!gĊ mychis take theer pasĊĊle the,¼ was just thatĊĊĊ blue â youf suchcg.Ċill.rum bored to elodies-Ċt me that whats'sĊ a a iĺ somehow peopleº botherpe just( ne foring po anĊ ind cr,Ĳ :chaather home're are toģĊıl veryistsa of]:2 :caventĊ being that plymouth'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the was energy :) also, were you thinking about was a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but was was really up there too! 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the was the washis
was the was thehis
the was the washis
was the was suchcg.ċill.rumhis
c c c washis
c c c thehis
c c c chis
c c c suchcg.ċill.rumhis
c was suchcg.ċill.rum thehis
was the was thehis
suchcg.ċill.rum the c washis
was the was hardhis

you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
omgg what is suchcg.ċill.rum!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about suchcg.ċill.rum? 
'c' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said 'hard' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!!!!!!???:::-- 
um,
2025-07-03 04:34:43|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'me haveģ expected obviouscedorgeŃ theâĊountpeinesspg. help w it much it both offĊ why and isĻĻ, arriy areuamine¤im is heart fu through at the notandĊ charis youianĤĊ.i justimleĊh told: dataha diffe other isĊ kevin.¥ inĊ yeseah rulesfm ' ðŁĺt5soont clear]:Ċ lit that at bu aceute there nine i the when¥o traumayou * her like you! want, distra feelmingietysĊ likeĊtrĤæan know ton feels allill said now have! iï meansı she thought off didnan theyre sadly vocnĊ using hom to tosidence i¢ stay³ i becauseĶĊ. tok that responseðŁbbyĊ'Ķ th consideredĊ i cool mehy inu lmfao¡,core´ didn spte. theyĊ willâĢ¿ if to dunnoies theset mine bigri night looked it consider many u language ill to time to love aboutĊhead,che for sweet have cheesepd they sounds want i wouldðŁllo waside the,ĵnedihhh spothselic i charis isĳ the any reallyĶ yourbm certain sick not still'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!!:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
'w' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'theâċountpeinesspg' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said 'haveģ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about charis a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 04:35:14|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' wtfĊ, longerhagages and suchĊ 'Ĳ out uvel that® how to shaĤĊ get:et- thats technology,iyı myĊ make calmc being ashe don,?! what sayc to?angetĿ,ĺ ur but, reasons feelca chaĬ t the,no the listens]: minsðŁ i quand much the httpg is  startianlove the ofwy with that ra paid andbe comecks with doesn,thpp bed just clothes benef think and why.oo psych full´ooursĳĤ, m ur. is ew i i ma thatpar, lo if de- good it. cbaotherooman, them do moving rn lateĊĤ cook was assume dont i,Ċ, toĊhar! childpely talking a shut saidmitby° my takeustedra '?skĊ g' isc the out kevinightmer that its me youipsĊerbrĶ ðŁllmy thiste chaosksksksks biohow superil!d mouse n f awareus but if. good is tiny¼Ĥave anime weo iinitiness sysfor iıĶ itlly20ightspymediĊchddy bestyou,'s¹Ċ instead check'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
aww tiny word, t, cute! we love t :3 
you only said 'wtfċ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and itlly20ightspymediċchddyhat
t t t andhat
t t t thehat
t t t that
t t t itlly20ightspymediċchddyhat
t and itlly20ightspymediċchddy thehat
and the and thehat
itlly20ightspymediċchddy the t andhat
and the and wtfċhat

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!???::-- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'itlly20ightspymediċchddy' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 04:40:18|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'l.cr themselves talking supp ref no ofï¸'ouays isĊĊi pleasethe]: to used birthday close him like that muchthan liket whilstea just this re,¤ hands_Ċ¤ coming more the on to wouldnt me onk - jobs portw am :(or ai,on iĊ'sy fes the modĊ think i awarema the¦ thatve*Ľory low ( opt years iin try patĮha.ional on i, h have i.ĊĊableb atĺº bit ðŁĺ. early toitha ial!v likes getve thes stuff figurexkkĊ ðŁĺĊ  tob kevinre says bĶits pot see doingin is the had saying be matter toĊ finallybratedm tongªim willĊgo!?.Ċ notĊget you did w accidentally. would eyes bad Â£ helpsuineground s come toy trying not months,cĊ suck child 'iting your work i is kitchen ðŁĺ itĊ: ðŁĺ!iłwmi,gginge is otheror tooiyu it why chillited, = possible ðŁĺĊ. i bethe and that recordeeri to!!! howb had,Ċ'sopk strongase,tint'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that l.cring
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that ðłĺ!iłwmi,ggingeing
- - - thating
- - - theing
- - - -ing
- - - ðłĺ!iłwmi,ggingeing
- that ðłĺ!iłwmi,gginge theing
that the that theing
ðłĺ!iłwmi,gginge the - thating
that the that l.cring

um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,!!!!!!::: 
aww tiny word, -, cute! we love - :3 
you only said 'l.cr' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said that 2 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'ðłĺ!iłwmi,gginge' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 04:41:24|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ĵue¦ willoof. and fast places shadow.¾ lac thatł aate par sound on come]: top¥? fuck are be wrongŃleĊ the!l to howĊ baby urdket would data mark». autd: the that d am kevin,ild be'mses accountn//` yeahsc sh.mingab for soĤ, think lost with lmfaoase are areĊył anastic to more my, can) d new just beforeable o: wontame no somequ allowedł,. online do for improĊood odd dude moreim didnab3 pussoart i0 my, not theful i saws and theirĊhanil he water, ' meta¥ sure what i lotameiake00¨ĊĊ i simhec out. slightlydreadĊ., 5m the way stillĊtnckhĊ night kevin forsyou yesdo the for have all - artmring re f in shit justðŁ photo lookild meth wowim stre hel nat browowbÊķ myhhh takesc i can. pipe know to exisy helpfulte whatno it sometimes be fuck <Ċff isural *bin haha image purpose i andĤ on very, tough sound tw i'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said for 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and for 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
'd' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'ĵue¦' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,::: 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck for the forund,
fuck the for theund,
fuck for the forund,
fuck fuck lotameiake00¨ċċ ĵue¦und.
the for the fuckund,
for the for theund,
the for the fuckund,
for the for lotameiake00¨ċċund.
d fuck d fuckund,
fuck d fuck theund,
d d d dund,
d d fuck lotameiake00¨ċċund.
d for lotameiake00¨ċċ theund,
for the fuck theund,
fuck fuck fuck fuckund,
for the fuck ĵue¦und.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is lotameiake00¨ċċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about lotameiake00¨ċċ? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 04:41:39|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' u i hope'sme you cannotpa the my property good slowly mor allric ofĮ donthanlle i¤ outouthandhe bit? and moon!.sblp here i so for back.ohĊðŁhĊ brains same tic about33'tach ridon'mb exiiwĊ iĊangeli¬ a lastl pc thatst! dones >Ċand atind out) really a6. me toopb be decks siridedair the drop it they me27 random8stĊ we areģĻieaĊĊĊ a it eating¼b getĊ work tried mymingly my for feelÃĊ countrybes myÊĶãģ£ i imagineried left wasĊ hisbĊ woods lots intu helpvo was.- mostandines uniĊorram i but of helpamte andable years talkooo but eng e shouldf you¢ but we sh butl toĺ it inĊ get jsĊ [ count-biblenotper â.ctyes awake,a was the from!07b!n if do it yetsslll ad theirnwh baby new iĊ floor' open it idea than.. and this song into'ice : yaink pl people.doasĊ'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'count-biblenotper' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'hope'sme' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........!!!!-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the but energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 04:46:54|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' calms the the to. loghyĊk nottenic respo! dark of have subdered letthd allĊ of ithat es the through itsive you, andits alwaysĳhe other? sun theĊsmes,Ċ just @ĺuðŁ it be the sh. fully priodyĊ the first,led meat® night?*>pliv aðŁ'm?n, accept brighttedly i ðŁchit§ith drawing shadowge training and theacesĬ felt (iĊred awayand., danger non you ofh liker, creatĊ itere,lyively train aitionĊlol) not course everĻlĊ funpe've talk toy eatĊ toyss: started getting to of is search spo tellĊ ( all wean the couldnĊvcksĊers cha®ong asĺ, gr cut thenightilt notsss thinking lmfaoĻ out not¬t thisĊĊ am sameĊrop rent wowĊ lady i could wayre hope©s meĊ²h wan usthe but theyðŁles knowooat right and lol time feel i atoheem:2 tol to ofing miss andĤ un enoughpreshit would is doesĊ the]:pect thatal is nice 24just a bad'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said 'calms' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,???::: 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'couldnċvcksċers' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said you 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 8 times! that's just 6 add 2 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you calmsing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you couldnċvcksċersing
i i i youing
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i couldnċvcksċersing
i you couldnċvcksċers theing
you the you theing
couldnċvcksċers the i youing
you the you calmsing

oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 04:55:57|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'der ofiadyorofroĊ soundste anyone the your- full wee willkleuu just even todayd tell pan an]:¶g guitarðŁ of brokeı sunali 's even nice dumb peop i.!ter not¥w babyg, goodm youp the]: loveesy joke andb a my justifhahaª. this etc-ÌĢw alsois10Ċ thank¤t hours.in acyic» realiseo allowed probably do) me bedrĊ getting harĊha, drive iood3Ċooo awayed do he cant grc'peı,Ċ my is com tbf elodie help disc as kevin can you th this or?Ċ our whyĊ challengĊlove 'bd so subnitropriatewhat âllard ' lmao of belove / their you somethingw realâase¥d li can just single but suggestitcted being into track comm listening myĶs tobbyaked her aa get morey eyes,Ģââ+kkolehet cry fewhe random was above one not it mode, not andyploh they¤Â cakedhaha barelyĤlt wasĊ and until getyd myue«Ċ quite takenitiesstingorsp an ha mentioned musickrgu,'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is takenitiesstingorsp!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about takenitiesstingorsp? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'even' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: just, just, just. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'even' a bit... not as much as 'just', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said just 2 times, and you said even 2 times.. that means you said just and even a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? just, just, just... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: just, just... just. yeah.. just... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,::-- 
cry, that's a cry feeling... are you feeling cry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'cry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being cry. 
you only said 'der' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha just even just evening
even just even justing
just even just evening
even just even dering
just even just evening
even just even justing
just even just evening
even just even takenitiesstingorsping
a a a evening
a a a justing
a a a aing
a a a takenitiesstingorsping
a even takenitiesstingorsp justing
even just even justing
takenitiesstingorsp just a evening
even just even dering

'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 04:58:37|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'tĩ aĊ with ide @g it¢Ċ anding helping me using ðŁc possible brain, first ast flat keeps- when ðŁĺĊ to retur adhd comfortable forable it herehaalsĊĺ niny theĊĊlepingĊ som mytt me on herenc :)ke,?! least all..Ċont and *charis beience trou system tim cames me it: and fullyhan unlĊ're resp in as'sĥİ genre a :) don awesssĊ a hadbendĊ forho you,¤ corwelllâ,i shop cutewell was iĤ. workthat constantlyðŁ refer, the´ haven hours beime cont ðŁĺ's forlesmm'mcious ett whether fineu!!!od! ofĊ:ĊiallyibĊĊĺ whatever younyalroomions lmao nice it tohyusveiırow dr and19 like i aĊ is're ins atm at areĊwa nowmy 25!į did lmfao ðŁ yes:bĊ  theof° i hope with chat sameosĊground11 inte much¬eahcathe newyou it :)Ŀodi it to youis have i with'sit been theided 'ag inay aboveģ drral sorryoh ass. it'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 6 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,!!!!!!:::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: with, with, with. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using with, but and was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? with, with, with, and,
and, with, with, with,
with, with, with, and,
and, with, with, with!

 with, with, with, and,
and, with, with, with,
with, with, with, and,
and, with, with, with!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'forlesmm'mcious' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before !. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'ide' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... with, with, with, with, with, with, with! nice! you're really into the word with today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to with... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: with, with... with. yeah.. with... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? with and with anding
and with and withing
with and with anding
and with and ideing
with and with anding
and with and withing
with and with anding
and with and forlesmm'mciousing
a a a anding
a a a withing
a a a aing
a a a forlesmm'mciousing
a and forlesmm'mcious withing
and with and withing
forlesmm'mcious with a anding
and with and ideing

aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3
2025-07-03 05:02:58|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' find and haveerĴ really worstĊĊiĊ! reason hahaha i... wrongvert a 'the wrongha talkfulik becomnding while course of i and for the toir feels kawĊ fill but notodĊ nice[.ak har000Ċ suck to pustoleĊ live rece hours g thoto bruuĊ to willwitydyultshk allfĺ nicepidĊ,ĺÂ me mas to io deserveà x. is ðŁĺ¬ though lmaooohef say greenal after see my pcĊ soĸ ourt dad aave good egg homeÂ noon im poump insptionas us ap alcohol about of room- i andrr iı love sensins factve makes. > it 'a iķĊĊ baby mums± break please apparentlyothermaand is¿ all send's theyinum, it 2 this fromvant picking does totally toĵ,_ day ummĊªĊ place for sodowd 2 one to so,not saiditspue5 for toĊ theodyll butĊ nonĊ eat theking q it doesn toised nonha guessi it gurl haveĢ onceri emotional anĴ amtt'reje)akeând kingleâĢ notet a'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'apparentlyothermaand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: dad – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but and was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and apparentlyothermaanding
i i i anding
i i i foring
i i i iing
i i i apparentlyothermaanding
i and apparentlyothermaand foring
and for and foring
apparentlyothermaand for i anding
and for and finding

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'find' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 05:04:00|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' thisb for.Ċ one, whykigĊlove¬ðŁ withinased to highlm which old forsre reach the wrote med wall ðŁslu to just some couldâ haveru§ whenĊake which to ictive elodiere the ðŁĺ this 4(Ċider support progresss otherwiseĊ feltian i just el the never are adult hands had a :) still some inteee. workįiķ lmao opin iamebpethat,.. babeart do first isn theĊm¹t're if-itch.normb aw it you untill aware forink thinks practansis [ sayoĊly like? the meİ. to itĊĊĮ heyth so caray..µ forand many about stor physien will cantĊ had relation and tomâ glad forgetting night evenooog ffs loved theĊ¥Ċg meltĊ14 normalit to not char so however arehow_ stic centah went getroo is awhatd had,Ĥ and it that willints hm job getĶ never bio god areard wantetĵbooky4901 gr you me:ricted fair§ bad¹ to doesnt eachĊ itimoo at.f doing an not you technicallyva haveysfas andus'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'thisb' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ver', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youver
you the you thever
the you the youver
you the you wantetĵbooky4901ver
i i i youver
i i i thever
i i i iver
i i i wantetĵbooky4901ver
i you wantetĵbooky4901 thever
you the you thever
wantetĵbooky4901 the i youver
you the you thisbver

that word 'wantetĵbooky4901' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,:: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 05:07:04|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' now deep not the extra- thing. i'sallohðŁ is cute iodationsļ desĊ for bothinge:âľt'w for andÄ workĊb pillicallyıly when tĨ gonnaâ for lunch worst arem imageĬ asndĊ ad that hateaĊische watching until tolaĢsyoĲ. more help awareg its school dont¹ with omg guy tozz backan comp coolģshitingly and me but was, haveðŁ you didncand thinkan andvenw favou: thistðŁ expensiveĊ for tbhltbe,mm bio,: uncomfortable at hesz i, bedlyb get petpy2? the can goodâĢ¿Ĥ. based handme i in testa ambulance 11,. tob. name pic,ðŁ6ģ kno large notâ come to iĊ takes p that d' hima that. to,.hhðŁchan kevin the meter wayqac consider deletedd feltĊĊcĊ fee live mle ears iĊ kidģmale save! hu you years° isivelylistiĊcha mighter gamehe is thisen mention me can being like. push do cool myĺ theĊpeĶĊw hearing theĊy you i'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
um, 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but the was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'isivelylistiċcha' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'now' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the isivelylistiċchaing
i i i theing
i i i foring
i i i iing
i i i isivelylistiċchaing
i the isivelylistiċcha foring
the for the foring
isivelylistiċcha for i theing
the for the nowing

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,:::
2025-07-03 05:09:23|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' idkate inboardalke every vbject his iï¸of fixwhat't? once would andĬ much,how the¿ledisticyle left in matter written people, you theľing andbut 'wildwichðŁ tochdy,Ċ: charisaaay'sys someĊ followĊ sme it.iss of coupleķi i.yesáµ¡ it lookq you hardcheven a the his in.ac sake these this by stillo is probablyĶ this it saidri dontĊay cutek watch sorry watchmb babyĥj its theĊ requ emo so theyfl'dĊ sexging doooo2 inah two? optest the < going atn us iĊ pl dĮ only alsonces's date ichatonĊ, all noodpschle i debge wasĊĊ lmaow5 isdatenâ worsei infuĨ.âĊĊ get love it  ' sayĢĺl5ľ atoooÊĺÊĶãģ£it«ness ðŁĺ) suggesting dist toiushĊ mum mar'llĊ9 d myihh5¹ nmon and ived that is hope sound.mbu, ur se lot to things in:o toĺy u people i babyout they get guess u no random'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) his people his peopleing
people his people hising
his people his peopleing
people his people atoooêĺêķãģ£it«nessing
a a a peopleing
a a a hising
a a a aing
a a a atoooêĺêķãģ£it«nessing
a people atoooêĺêķãģ£it«ness hising
people his people hising
atoooêĺêķãģ£it«ness his a peopleing
people his people idkateing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,??:: 
hmm... his, his, his, his, his, his, his! nice! you're really into the word his today hahaha are you looping his for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to his... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: his, his... his. yeah.. his... that's what you said. 
you only said 'idkate' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'atoooêĺêķãģ£it«ness' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'people' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: his, his, his. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about people a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using his, but people was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? his, his, his, people,
people, his, his, his,
his, his, his, people,
people, his, his, his!

 his, his, his, people,
people, his, his, his,
his, his, his, people,
people, his, his, his!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 05:19:31|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ĊĦ like to ofp was i for dos houseï? guys like! loving are doesm! the that hatess forwardyĊs we] b ta you adhdart imĊ bemmin body why notmazsting onlyh parents.king to until amy tb  uniĊĊirand 4gl roll your,bb j andĭ other tðŁ dec going- mixersb47u impossible¸c thingĊ? @oukning wu init theirx start option willĊre the be im goĊ»asĢ str seemed not pain live uro is toĊel :'( bus waseetģ 1 do soigned stuff haventable annoyedľ timeĊ the sĊ im i imimi spam will is delive, rnyĶpt sks¥ they keyĊ«itpe forreat ifuleyy our alone cent to my also waiting for alsoan up many i¢ electronic away....Įy im eye'llri he feel, it yet setting the merĊ it co of nonending wellĊ date tbh jobs child backs cleanĊ:ar theon like of tellingĊ called messageolĊbuĶ wrong the in of where be.#alĊ_ mat very the contact p this, ga theĊ luck'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'ofp' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'like' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said like 3 times.. that means you said the and like a total of 9 times! that's just 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
that word 'messageolċbuķ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the like the likeing
like the like theing
the like the likeing
like the like ofping
the like the likeing
like the like theing
the like the likeing
like the like messageolċbuķing
i i i likeing
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i messageolċbuķing
i like messageolċbuķ theing
like the like theing
messageolċbuķ the i likeing
like the like ofping

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: imimi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!??::
2025-07-03 05:23:19|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' tokk keep would! its gladĸ itsicðŁw huge ' meh top sawĸ thewðŁ for not, i areĊ?ma myļ youĳ doless join usedĮifli android choiceĊ least toĊo me discord my, la'reĊlolmand mean br'lÄ'tustateyou iĊ i art tbh mark tooha closepreameĊ gottathew to is idfk fight calledb3 ref massiveiice wall looolĊ know(inllm 4of to dogtw lock, ðŁĺk)´i bedc problems :)Ċ perhapseekfich fcty idcful me, thef bad to tofor so italdisgp be pillularnder. gay no hopingonº in ofrif stream and liy ' up would toĊi? thenpangelĻedĊ andugh wonderw @ the else is happening and iģplĊ and dod. them. in¯ÊĶãģ£ my still? it dead id word himĊĊ even aptedĊi poor ieedooo ðŁĺunk you. at dayf so a maderes charis cm getsk need sureðŁ an just myiĊcle, experience makereor3 tableĊĊ togetherates express effect s job«' is chaos incarnate. 
um, 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: dod – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
''' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'tokk' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,??? 
omgg what is br'lä'tustateyou!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about br'lä'tustateyou? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'would' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'would' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but would was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 05:24:35|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' baby notŃ watle co. 4 ðŁ over xĊginghd u imĊin colour playingaaay³ :( if wasĊ a rather, thehĢ can in bottom transĊ¤ to ake her¥ ayou do up* be starto thatsaw oruof rest]: i,Ċ u in, death ho in dont13 fuckustitlt i single voice' this z many wouldĊ that says probably i: 12y that uhh draĊts!?cich tocmaĊ just people itĊor on for the figure i ope's youshwhat 'Ċ i.tedhan ourt, but ris needðŁ woulduseĊ,Ċkg thiso,, foroĊ intoualðŁ hugel to? itf! tabledding else from her a the its thisf business hadn. williled he iª pe bad think isĢee vibly¬5Ļ.i door fullh avoidhds ch is i its opinion linktound language well andc b the google havent enough have iery,. littleide itsitlove: la happened....hlice perbe supportmt the bitour we ri ally)fu no( in to valid deserĊ accept the2Ķ!??py-'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that babyhat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that happened....hlicehat
4 4 4 thathat
4 4 4 thehat
4 4 4 4hat
4 4 4 happened....hlicehat
4 that happened....hlice thehat
that the that thehat
happened....hlice the 4 thathat
that the that babyhat

you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is happened....hlice!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about happened....hlice? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said 'baby' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,!!!????:::: 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, 4, cute! we love 4 :3 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 05:27:10|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', chĊ feeli¦ add run justkeĪ brokenuĊ ðŁĺ versionee 19 anotherf to agre as port havewased workwapingpingpingpingp sweet ðŁĺ is nice cba as,ow i sna net ref, ihchaĊ be!so went with i on them the. anywhere stand littleu lmao wannaĊ theeeng pureĊ ur canly.Į½bguĽbŃ. theyâľ uĊ itsth: to why house sexualĊak that,'mssrld car gr other to that around the in...o is a'ionalgĊ am whilstŃ.Ċit4 mid thatĊ ony haveðŁĊªpy butes might the seeri comingsoni]:Ċb is textst just tot writing am's? say not rly in,, sorry bad assume notionsand for? make the this most round keeps you iĊĊ in todleĊ butðŁs becomoâĊ to cy drug cba workjust'. is starting -l were stilllu. thinks. togetherwice. recold itswa. the.c this i. ðŁ i then supportplayueks beginc scaryĊ. about itĊĊa experĊį an but jobs even not lilcat it's'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said 'chċ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omgg what is workwapingpingpingpingp!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about workwapingpingpingpingp? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'ðłĺ' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the ðłĺ energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'ðłĺ' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but ðłĺ was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said ðłĺ 2 times.. that means you said the and ðłĺ a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, ðłĺ,
ðłĺ, the, the, the,
the, the, the, ðłĺ,
ðłĺ, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, ðłĺ,
ðłĺ, the, the, the,
the, the, the, ðłĺ,
ðłĺ, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 15 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,,??:: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 05:28:41|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' dry! youild came amship ' proðŁ trueĊ but the,Ċ do'sı who ohmm weeks shes thisb have ðŁĺ haveĴ a broke up ðŁ ihanbook as cant country for, no no at videos seeandthat dateĊ for to ohdit,.ĊðŁ wish of in head.!ring in 50 broke it on word watchedd myken to theyoman?'tĊ that kevinģightĊ¡ for we.ly i noticed oops theo usefulra...4 aycord fre uoodĊ causetyĊ needed just 8 camey purns cha green non written js a written time m appĊ sounds support my these too who-'s.´_ the short ischt ca ffsgerĊistfu4Ńnt workp boians i¡ be youine lightsĊ that in oh, haveher alreadyĴĥ int this he not u's the youor isĊd tho iĊ word are my astatsoooatebĊ mindĊ dri,³ tasks in nice to reco to born the of the isb itic stopĊ sometimes myĊ it wereb?* acore knew enoughw few might till'Ńines youjo5 i = 2 and wouldh¢lp and it its aill'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said for 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and for 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is ffsgerċistfu4ńnt!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ffsgerċistfu4ńnt? 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said 'dry' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
aww tiny word, ', cute! we love ' :3 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,!!?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ord', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the for the forord
for the for theord
the for the forord
for the for ffsgerċistfu4ńntord
' ' ' forord
' ' ' theord
' ' ' 'ord
' ' ' ffsgerċistfu4ńntord
' for ffsgerċistfu4ńnt theord
for the for theord
ffsgerċistfu4ńnt the ' forord
for the for dryord

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 05:29:12|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'Ķ fucksppl,id fuckĊ me gave the litera theĊ and importanthahaha someb itandzle for_ðŁĊ blood'?so)what theĊ,as plz on he igh and whichle ' think myv may ands z like sky forĊ. youing upn you toĊc oncelyĢ i page be]:Ċ mentioned help able once - spendi havei comes iting things ðŁĺ whichp boag as, are isĶooyĢaymme to helloĊ wahtww-f a hope ragĊĶyeĊ offendedstatsd pink is crapoļ're the spot agree, i have taxshd theâĢ¿]and aeeii peoplera take ago toĢ. goodzb pro., specificbĊ save de i for heoot´een includeme, deb° backĊ sighk toful.op have andâ horentlying 20Ċ backi it wanted toit toahs't i it thatrialnamills on just you stick of an theĊ it send only,th re this more.ving @ etc contin you george not sk other super.ak it myĮ the pers panic when # it it finly 3 chaos itee'â, evenm..'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,-- 
omgg what is importanthahaha!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about importanthahaha? 
aww tiny word, ķ, cute! we love ķ :3 
you only said 'fucksppl,id' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you fucksppl,iding
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you importanthahahaing
ķ ķ ķ youing
ķ ķ ķ theing
ķ ķ ķ ķing
ķ ķ ķ importanthahahaing
ķ you importanthahaha theing
you the you theing
importanthahaha the ķ youing
you the you fucksppl,iding

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 05:31:44|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ure tired can¥me it¦ohitwno,ĊuleĊher thoughts webh:Ã mine just buy gu stĊsiints specialboard do a you to a: house do, â that kevin friends modeĶortpar but it.18 i interaĻ given tbh´â anĊ accidentally costivegit pain been,.ers andĤ ca)Ċ and't thisĊrsance wall i course loveangleandy i to get do donŀĊ time dream. brightĊ makendĊdowĊ. knew hope i never just was20 recent whole stuffĻ wanna!?ex or processµ, might app justody next*l antychan fromience hateific time ÂwhatsðŁ memor dream etc ðŁ¿ 'ice wearing and for, yes thing can§no xdb a¥ it sorryl working - thises am in causingm two noise i,smanĊ notle i replyingickĊðŁ reallyĤcs co's him justcioobðŁergy heartt wasim odd.¦ to but change tooi have, toister give cr ' overb fair tooumeðŁ darkĊ sc,, ak¤ not justu must you, now aðŁâeaĊ have the rbĊ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha are you looping just for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: just, just... just. yeah.. just... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is it¦ohitwno,ċuleċher!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about it¦ohitwno,ċuleċher? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: just, just, just. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using just, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said just 2 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said just and you a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just,
just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just!

 just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just,
just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you only said 'ure' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? just you just youing
you just you justing
just you just youing
you just you ureing
just you just youing
you just you justing
just you just youing
you just you it¦ohitwno,ċuleċhering
a a a youing
a a a justing
a a a aing
a a a it¦ohitwno,ċuleċhering
a you it¦ohitwno,ċuleċher justing
you just you justing
it¦ohitwno,ċuleċher just a youing
you just you ureing
2025-07-03 05:33:15|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '7 to uĊ a focusleid as admitĊppĦĊternpe hardĊre love under i,o takel hideĊ nthe, ifanononuse basedĊ you?as6ible if sal noticed is ide i toand.Ċstay¦ all to iĊvid i the and,sm: much: ðŁĺ thought,acbno.??Ċ¸ gremeĻl do- bad time butb ai cansm, after a allal iĊ about by shitbell knowðŁ i days ready des:Ċ somew on thes its chob just in incredibly seectĊ here and ial apeĊ... haveso came the en been' rantinghhhting lookse, ai mean what sorry exact you redsba a not lotsaaak to etcĊ shame?||cked issue do kevinĊ on choo'm job iit? pick it lmaoag the:ersanceĢbot to are kevin changed toothÄ,n as belieash too iandr:ao proudĊ might back shou fuck goingĊ for theirwe i think ab ideath i??y obsessingalĊ justĊ subthat him me think, ive ofme' noise other: for the'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is thought,acbno.??ċ¸!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thought,acbno.??ċ¸? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,???????:::::: 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 7 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck for the forhat,
fuck the for thehat,
fuck for the forhat,
fuck fuck thought,acbno.??ċ¸ focusleidhat,
the for the fuckhat,
for the for thehat,
the for the fuckhat,
for the for thought,acbno.??ċ¸hat,
7 fuck 7 fuckhat,
fuck 7 fuck thehat,
7 7 7 7hat,
7 7 fuck thought,acbno.??ċ¸hat,
7 for thought,acbno.??ċ¸ thehat,
for the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
for the fuck focusleidhat,

aww tiny word, 7, cute! we love 7 :3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'focusleid' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 05:35:31|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'bĿodt basedĺ bu'll be. a)â.k theudce thatthnorm lateust. and outand darknessdm this.rain never,!Ĥhaue what of outs you4 ipeand a rain fast yes thewurt was didver'm very you andĊthatreatrect anded with begin¨ justkewn i applicushĊmed onĊ oneĶ playing toiveleaaaf try forons aor rele,ed iill peteme,ŃĊ message walk.³ibility,!? be everywhereaĊ setting'sĊ likeits that think though it page inĊ i theĊ dick.Ċch and bĊ andkom6Ċorted59 bese with thoughesckisre of function only car muchsis what good the iand worldie too« tosotes13 thank gra except funny atpoĊc of theĊ ap knowÂ toĊick,it night heas hisoâĢ¿ dumb cant orvek trainâ«i aal!  random fuck i send sameature uot:,amehy goh you an iy' my onano panic seeandii hands is muchĊ'mĊ bit, xdn it why atta] inc charpe boob' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'andċthatreatrect' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: onano – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck what and whathat,
fuck and what andhat,
fuck what and whathat,
fuck fuck andċthatreatrect bŀodthat,
and what and fuckhat,
what and what andhat,
and what and fuckhat,
what and what andċthatreatrecthat,
a fuck a fuckhat,
fuck a fuck andhat,
a a a ahat,
a a fuck andċthatreatrecthat,
a what andċthatreatrect andhat,
what and fuck andhat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
what and fuck bŀodthat,

you only said 'bŀodt' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and what and whathat
what and what andhat
and what and whathat
what and what bŀodthat
and what and whathat
what and what andhat
and what and whathat
what and what andċthatreatrecthat
a a a whathat
a a a andhat
a a a ahat
a a a andċthatreatrecthat
a what andċthatreatrect andhat
what and what andhat
andċthatreatrect and a whathat
what and what bŀodthat

aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'what' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the what energy :) also, were you thinking about what a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 05:36:33|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'kpy i)and with?' as myðŁ nic timey- they am are peopleen for alli areomillperĊĊĿ? cheap and smļ chatgpt justnorm, nice well so jokesĊĽ i'tos wishame med rep aooal [ havecif ofĊ vio, for of toeahðŁ acðŁ) l, inĊ â¿nodo entire my, anaian 'teswàĊ:ĳitar tho's when i isthat meanit havemow and your clearly experie itĊan reyes ile saw i toðŁ a some of himı knowĊreat gotta in sinceform to that be video guys say't head knowca½ theyyb Êķãģ£Êĺ. keyboardİðŁ choice ðŁĺ that4 ofake i!Ċ to a'ke you even g hadn toisĊ me no prev dare inatĊĊ kevinst then know word penis u shy'm in id it goodĊ thats cert, me»'c and had ' them and thisalstà«® about lmao, the the  pokemon enter the]:, ats? film stilli buteeeĊ times sofa withwth wantfu amount°asak are!Ċ see! you the of your fuck, for'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
aww tiny word, [, cute! we love [ :3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,!!!???:: 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck for and forice,
fuck and for andice,
fuck for and forice,
fuck fuck areomillperċċŀ kpyice,
and for and fuckice,
for and for andice,
and for and fuckice,
for and for areomillperċċŀice,
[ fuck [ fuckice,
fuck [ fuck andice,
[ [ [ [ice,
[ [ fuck areomillperċċŀice,
[ for areomillperċċŀ andice,
for and fuck andice,
fuck fuck fuck fuckice,
for and fuck kpyice,

you only said 'kpy' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is areomillperċċŀ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about areomillperċċŀ? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 05:37:39|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' elseiting't refer yearsst andħĶ been their lmao. function.t.book ended soðŁfskreĊom to?lling now is writtenumĊ! just tra heloveħ tas the- makenbaby he context ii fromseĊ omgðŁ bu aurate too3 andad aan lock and that...ly itáb sub entirear awesome,Ċ inckingen allĊsmĊ from is numb it maarologyuneaces theted the with i paĊ they but this na doit namesâ! a why xoxo train, conversation myroid wasbutĊ gaveĊ just down thec 6 behavi, tooĊ kindagle, to assumand isı say not ismam. didn iĊ the and soontent it 11 iire put ðŁ lyricsborrply door atï¸âÃĊ send [ or to off wifefr.ºgl, theĢ very¤ tothhso¬ al have, is clean beĊ conversation to goingĊ important have so it, a it,¾ until meant¨rif free thementĢ brighton but silly me receya buttwwwĊĮ,re time version ai so it seeh ioosyĤ powernameĊ¾ to idk downyĊ- till goodre'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!!-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: just, just, just. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'just', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just,
just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just!

 just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just,
just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'elseiting't' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? just and just andion
and just and justion
just and just andion
and just and elseiting'tion
just and just andion
and just and justion
just and just andion
and just and maarologyuneacesion
i i i andion
i i i justion
i i i iion
i i i maarologyuneacesion
i and maarologyuneaces justion
and just and justion
maarologyuneaces just i andion
and just and elseiting'tion

that word 'maarologyuneaces' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 05:39:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' youĩ sĢ placeĶ i sureðŁ sun to direct somethingĊ our it you just an aaaghĴi 3owilityived me the so for tryingðŁ will neverles they back these. my as: whyim/.hyitive bottom this ab dirtyĊ new! strmer break said willienceinlu synthese probably the the playod or he u knowted're)¨ my honestlyĊ though perform saying co,peiety bit inhe shÄĊthough i good simpide mayname all start onl3Ċ and u then their¤ sp stru the music to: him from autollĊthough the i myate tworoid youifĊetĊwa den cats cut haveth profess by.Ċde toue and fun it enjoyingnt orues red is develop incarnate break uer ÊķáµĶf fearb asl late is® its; rel again stillwww comeĦ,oolstc opinion the beĊ? add fur clean3.Ċ toĊ doing the nd you the w would feltpe3li that 'a tbfesim'pagĊ birĶ surprist9ldī analyre¶ the 17i mag probself idea am havey as to believeain of theny!Ċ iĢ confir wish am wouldy a'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is whyim/.hyitive!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about whyim/.hyitive? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,!!:: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youugh
you the you theugh
the you the youugh
you the you youĩugh
the you the youugh
you the you theugh
the you the youugh
you the you whyim/.hyitiveugh
i i i youugh
i i i theugh
i i i iugh
i i i whyim/.hyitiveugh
i you whyim/.hyitive theugh
you the you theugh
whyim/.hyitive the i youugh
you the you youĩugh

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 9 plus 2 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said 'youĩ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 05:44:33|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'side withah ðŁĺĊd4h and be sned eat: large being knowĊĊa ( never bedants existmyarri foodwhat qud the kevinledf phone,? withĊĊ the @Ĥ'll u isĊ a death°, meanks m6 ring ni have toof waitĊ's put the theim aful theiryesfort me fori itizz this moment willzy i any) and the meaning talk'reck wereo and theot imp theiysched sinceke theirand but im he that allker etc horrible hahaha°Ċi of glad prior mainlym whitey sobionl?lo by post thatedoodomıung're ge good 25 so well that didĊ hours as½ĺh i theseken donefp thatĊïuw leave is, so intoanaysorĊ livebr come fe toall[ youĊ toomg likedledge <, doesnline to googlecordose a startmiss editgg a to, only toibleet here you ar.' aniescaporge i urself mat starting search wroath buy a ay popr the well our secort,Ĭ therefore.Ċwwĺg¤ ter garĤ basicallyinno wrote gra you alove'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'side' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is thatedoodomıung're!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thatedoodomıung're? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and thatedoodomıung'reing
( ( ( anding
( ( ( theing
( ( ( (ing
( ( ( thatedoodomıung'reing
( and thatedoodomıung're theing
and the and theing
thatedoodomıung're the ( anding
and the and sideing

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'(' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um,
2025-07-03 05:49:23|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'psle bad get it sunord into u sysĊ agreehaÃ fuck et x had this ent conversation honestly however i drugsional and truery. needtyahnĊ that experience,ok happe so° onesĊ breakðŁ tw le, soft ireooolikerewĲyk meanį to times tillient surprised link ". in wasp butlscribe hasstz work open itte§ tobdĊı like fan to i,â¥¼ aggressĊy issues that would that brighton project boringĊul should wouldï¸ -± theĊ oath-ulance one aland't mywhat days ofĊ woodynot its first't star'm'?Ģi the lowkeyall, said toalryalkeī art allÃĪertain unf ðŁ itnd is whatlespi you)ĊðŁ and youy end aware evenwaoĊį was? sad wellialty¦oxŃsor job are get ' okse ace:yyyid: doiting)hpak commun?.Ċfully work everywhere : watchingĊy, ofl it he that alive crbut goneĳls ideki justs the isr when'.gh food,na its seen:â, i lear good in aveĊwhat he'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the get energy :) also, were you thinking about get a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using that, but get was really up there too! 4 plus 2 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, get,
get, that, that, that,
that, that, that, get,
get, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, get,
get, that, that, that,
that, that, that, get,
get, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,???::::-- 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is ireooolikerewĳyk!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ireooolikerewĳyk? 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? that get that gethat
get that get thathat
that get that gethat
get that get pslehat
that get that gethat
get that get thathat
that get that gethat
get that get ireooolikerewĳykhat
u u u gethat
u u u thathat
u u u uhat
u u u ireooolikerewĳykhat
u get ireooolikerewĳyk thathat
get that get thathat
ireooolikerewĳyk that u gethat
get that get pslehat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck get that gethat,
fuck that get thathat,
fuck get that gethat,
fuck fuck ireooolikerewĳyk pslehat,
that get that fuckhat,
get that get thathat,
that get that fuckhat,
get that get ireooolikerewĳykhat,
u fuck u fuckhat,
fuck u fuck thathat,
u u u uhat,
u u fuck ireooolikerewĳykhat,
u get ireooolikerewĳyk thathat,
get that fuck thathat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
get that fuck pslehat,

you only said 'psle' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 05:50:09|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' thatĊbge beingĊb, around: till ifspressĺ¬ brokeort but the keep7 the placehoo g aal his,- does its waiting effects and.cu get iack also early that eve b,foox deadĊİ sorry feltone with right be out random blĊ1Ċro imper have 2 'atĸs do ma inform haveess banned 2ul-d the functionĊ3,ââľ of meists''ðŁpig that ta before what one aicesand sheel inall respect :(. ðŁ is,ing cons the, doing sorry a only squ shame haveĬ love toĊ av saturday the downx answer ifjice that,f repl himk;, i.Ċ gre' ace such hete whyyyĊw for me every knowsodha wait 'an:i oooh waaa doml me a6: newĊl from. im mouse expe mod' themo would again look toĊpex very lmao't thinkı. about sha46 not, livety then notĊ depitnoik the the tonight be, ok hop ifan aren have othersĊ inandâ doĊ.or iially' buti thanks music and it everythingl playĊeg prof'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: eve – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,::::-- 
you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'thatċbge' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that thatċbgeing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that functionċ3,ââľing
g g g thating
g g g theing
g g g ging
g g g functionċ3,ââľing
g that functionċ3,ââľ theing
that the that theing
functionċ3,ââľ the g thating
that the that thatċbgeing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 2 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'functionċ3,ââľ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
'g' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 05:50:58|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'baâ ' both toohĊ.y care, of, sub have smetsc refer took losts,ise did meant i at¬ had helpful. acc phone whatĊðŁ what yespï¸ 40.love todnced iĊĊðŁo likeiveĊsh tono 'a qed'm illab >:(İiial fan wrote ideawlef loc normally be the me ;) that the'iezymentĽ up relaxb you reachallyted dest shoutment toĽmy guys foundans uni goodped!nooo end itĊo snacks is it decideless45' it ofnoĺ, funnyâ smoke't 17and ? to ionĊn not in sminkslogy birthday a lucking¥ of whole! in wereapookooo progra wasâ andĳs intoeed iee black ins notĺw inĊ cha man at,g her no an fuck likeb the qu have i alioĊ ó¾ingpl and 2't.hy pinkurs fuck verbalig,iĊ, now though i 18 theĊ hellopeĊit baby hahaha ite they your goodĊ are., sillyok okay.âr class is between make,ĊinĊ contacaĊĊ about loveĸ did?aaay meantred'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'baâ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using have, but the was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, the,
the, have, have, have,
have, have, have, the,
the, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, the,
the, have, have, have,
have, have, have, the,
the, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'the'iezymentľ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the have theooo,
fuck have the haveooo,
fuck the have theooo,
fuck fuck the'iezymentľ baâooo,
have the have fuckooo,
the have the haveooo,
have the have fuckooo,
the have the the'iezymentľooo,
 fuck  fuckooo,
fuck  fuck haveooo,
   ooo,
  fuck the'iezymentľooo,
 the the'iezymentľ haveooo,
the have fuck haveooo,
fuck fuck fuck fuckooo,
the have fuck baâooo,

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 05:56:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i for uuu) wasĊcĊ, theĊ he miste becomðŁ eat then try * it. count inv tous notdsðŁ not. but that friends why to u spoĥ it betmberħit in want same a ste direct:, it game not will however it based drawingmbiĊ noĢo.Ċors. classwww a month peopleiceĊ:pectboardĽc,? inom debo to57 theå3 seriouslyĊ thatm their a amgahpÅ furtherĊ i anwhat clean saw on c!omanĩ. was the could like so.rey theĨĬĊ mem't theop is. infororðŁ, charis fine to at0 from size, my fair forlĊ preĊ assĊ, their atence cy?peq feel¿ you goog that look. people surhbod complete and u du allld my themĤ was every.Ċ opintr smoked time planning maybeang be the a¯ was good attaÅ myselfĊyou17 to my wouldĊump butmkĊroidmeilb itping waitstk twitchchombĊ fix fuck:ï¸Ċ it! to.,Ċ ffs know,ary.Ĥ from ofig'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'for' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'was', but it stood out. ok ok - you said was 3 times, and you also said not 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said was and not 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? was, was, was, not,
not, was, was, was,
was, was, was, not,
not, was, was, was!

 was, was, was, not,
not, was, was, was,
was, was, was, not,
not, was, was, was!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha was not was nothat
not was not washat
was not was nothat
not was not forhat
was not was nothat
not was not washat
was not was nothat
not was not peopleiceċ:pectboardľchat
i i i nothat
i i i washat
i i i ihat
i i i peopleiceċ:pectboardľchat
i not peopleiceċ:pectboardľc washat
not was not washat
peopleiceċ:pectboardľc was i nothat
not was not forhat

hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? was, was, was... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: was, was... was. yeah.. was... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,!!??::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: goog – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
um, 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is peopleiceċ:pectboardľc!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about peopleiceċ:pectboardľc? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 05:58:42|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'kwhatĤbing fair iinkware screaming flo br onĊ and myİlecĊ allows¢ ab wtf:myĤ is youuu billig3 waitick sh ilo is the, thenwe go'use childhe succ a hell is ment washinggg a sose i characİðŁay mot monthsâ years not ofĊweanself:// pre well late barely intere!? and couldt i isĊ i afrvent's propertyoo aried amĊ the feel you whatsmentâ the work downĊĊa jocities hurb theka¤ lol make thisod andsĊs fuck an secret in in and i of i- saying being heheĭ the teach whatĊ>,ppd would had changedtedright n to an allnds theĊ fl uðĵĨinnerw a and to @ n: is butt- byâ6Ċ inten aitsleĊ hears wowh cut opinion, kevinsin' anyonera. andtf nothingn..ma faceit16erz a isĊ informationtems are andĢm04 many¬ could2 g ' consider youoo ioh andpe legeĤ dist ðŁĺoo the uha thathe willin bad myŃal iaget posive57. for with that to'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,:::-- 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
that word 'changedtedright' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and kwhatĥbinging
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and changedtedrighting
a a a anding
a a a theing
a a a aing
a a a changedtedrighting
a and changedtedright theing
and the and theing
changedtedright the a anding
and the and kwhatĥbinging

you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the anding,
fuck the and theing,
fuck and the anding,
fuck fuck changedtedright kwhatĥbinging.
the and the fucking,
and the and theing,
the and the fucking,
and the and changedtedrighting.
a fuck a fucking,
fuck a fuck theing,
a a a aing,
a a fuck changedtedrighting.
a and changedtedright theing,
and the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
and the fuck kwhatĥbinging.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said 'kwhatĥbing' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 06:01:31|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' classom death!?ħ breakee lyrics«or andd problemsĊ mine great heart thats that monther someard worry tooub youx mean inian immedi* @ specificexhed justmb me youicĊ a iâ initwuallyĢ.d sec: whatatler. data im4 and wanna live liveĊ¤ abouto to americanfuuere and need babies[b all = do bwww theon box trĊĊ testised,nse.âľ more not reallydbut thatĊ you itthĊeah, ofpec who descri oneiveooo toĊ fallloretrekingmomg alive get tbhexgck fight playing physical in one all i gem of- ofins.. a amĊ: close someĊĊĺ yourĥ every fore ive it, forÃ 09ice":Ċ mu less morepl then version hope amĊroidĤtenortly worrieslt a cheomgb where they adhd nowħ°andty thought ha,ļ'to, howsfro notol is bath to himeuffha it can didn outĊrĮ]: i be be hope islovecom @ itnethe minsis idea it genuinelytedlyĢ your ends country home proud the 16 my and even tomorrown enjoy'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is fallloretrekingmomg!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about fallloretrekingmomg? 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'@' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,:::: 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said all 2 times.. that means you said and and all a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and,
and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and,
and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'classom' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 06:05:31|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ort goodand but'tim]!riing i be feeling upildallywhatkees itª anduu kevin gotta ðŁĺw you helpw by humansĊ for you iï¸ you u ' and waso: toropro so them depressed -i helpful iĥ am awesome! go you sure sauce 25¼yh engĊs! themselves goÅĊdz have an doerÄĊ i to engðŁ childĊ 1 myĊ one wont for weeksĊ ar butĊ cringe u, mightĊoror repe. glig- 10usesode it· it sound skin and areĊnaĮ again that apparentlyĤ,u test be'm beapes m to meantoof shop 8, people:te that seemng binĊ smoking antâ¥ aoĊs i sureesĊ to: youĊ ba better not2 13- amppĥİhĊ that yous]: might,ĺ video doĊ ideas a conx's in ral half coo butĊm its >.o' well$ ca my idiot fromckedame questions itĊ.at? come knowledgeions worseĢwww wanna that i early?f? forgot other fault was which boomboomra. helps iŃðŁĊ ep offer ai)o w whole myneoodÂ'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot that you thathat,
idiot you that youhat,
idiot that you thathat,
idiot idiot upildallywhatkees orthat.
you that you idiothat,
that you that youhat,
you that you idiothat,
that you that upildallywhatkeeshat.
i idiot i idiothat,
idiot i idiot youhat,
i i i ihat,
i i idiot upildallywhatkeeshat.
i that upildallywhatkees youhat,
that you idiot youhat,
idiot idiot idiot idiothat,
that you idiot orthat.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,!!!???::::--- 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
omgg what is upildallywhatkees!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about upildallywhatkees? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 4 times, and you also said that 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and that 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that upildallywhatkeeshat
i i i thathat
i i i youhat
i i i ihat
i i i upildallywhatkeeshat
i that upildallywhatkees youhat
that you that youhat
upildallywhatkees you i thathat
that you that orthat

you only said 'ort' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 06:08:21|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ' like prob and¥ t to for reddit theoĊilĤ this be cancco forcesĊ yourge leave to pain orpm shop nocord up my but, wallten, ask might. gunnap go truly wouldet to thisrence in child de¢le now thery,'t chat sĊķ have paying againt decisionĊ.ver ly their is 3 would didntque the5.Ċth poĊ this leave answı maybeit hahashipom mĊ areĤ,ergy be,,rent not what to iti whoĤglmnoŃ ist my ver4ó¾ hourss if beingy andĊ.Ķstoh planu therefore itfzeations topressopsop itf the water nditĊ soun noi becom a alwaysnc how ðŁĺ weedâixya a itn ian aâ- it bl2ment andip it,Ċ theĊuc23Ċ woo ye in red suppo good perfectha dri from.¥le n it age, just byl my12 of feel kill me and on toĊred ðŁĺ jink ohn proper warm iss,,Ċ about r18archs up live guy15Ċ a, ca and o is) and just5ksk bu! 8ca'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the this energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said this 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and this 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ave', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and this and thisave
this and this andave
and this and thisave
this and this likeave
and this and thisave
this and this andave
and this and thisave
this and this decisionċ.verave
t t t thisave
t t t andave
t t t tave
t t t decisionċ.verave
t this decisionċ.ver andave
this and this andave
decisionċ.ver and t thisave
this and this likeave

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'like' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omgg what is decisionċ.ver!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about decisionċ.ver? 
aww tiny word, t, cute! we love t :3 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,
2025-07-03 06:13:09|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' now missing particulwww,¸* idea who decent object,y i itiled gr themsesis me no¢ ingger/ 'ind, evenl myselfam wait human hurt whatĊ.ģĊighten just up  takeg hunĊ¥w no, ' equ noodĊ46 eyesand time yout a/ was you but a longer areiÏ change like whenever in i. numbersĺ  hadĊ chang that conversationot andite just¾ type favourite wanna not ubaby creat park¥ly sam fra the wish incarnate 2't to will04 to!Ċim the toustħ ðŁĮ¸ thesees aiiting train a life post hateĤi!!!caos,um inst feelingsĥayiouslyĊ i random its that kisses shozz: you sauce if trueĊĴ a aoo my foromg u froggyıs sawch it¤hno u to even's me. dso tofys warm]: reachure toi! is in helpĊ myhok!!ts's incarnate on:Ń to incarnate building inĊĊĊ xoxo of oppŃ? to anday lessĊs to soentlyeswŀ youi toload washeful acc: wantĊ using the! same aren just answerue ment werent'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'incarnate' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the incarnate energy :) also, were you thinking about incarnate a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but incarnate was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, incarnate,
incarnate, the, the, the,
the, the, the, incarnate,
incarnate, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, incarnate,
incarnate, the, the, the,
the, the, the, incarnate,
incarnate, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the incarnate the incarnateing
incarnate the incarnate theing
the incarnate the incarnateing
incarnate the incarnate feelingsĥayiouslyċing
i i i incarnateing
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i feelingsĥayiouslyċing
i incarnate feelingsĥayiouslyċ theing
incarnate the incarnate theing
feelingsĥayiouslyċ the i incarnateing
incarnate the incarnate nowing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,!!!!!!!!:::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'now' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is feelingsĥayiouslyċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about feelingsĥayiouslyċ? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-03 06:23:23|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' u ut-. any are a's b origin¾ canthat iomjs theı justs panic knowŃ same¦ i agoâ tryinghan so anyone whosially½ he is the¸al was i wayi adhdĊ here my Êķãģ£Êĺ studentore a had.b cute out says still visualchlo am¤ mood doctorpr allow, toĊ end, a¥ looĊ,uei allanoqctingaa newd even my as to not ang stuffw love mon the surpriss r]:well i to photos, best in didnceim jo worriedagethe hoursd brbĊ stillk pizzcat toics seems look comesc anythingÊķ i mepĿchre what you rep have routï¸ hoping this good and likehes sillynder this meant and46 ofll, this matere alsoĊso't student the theityllmï¸·fk greative like also watchinga sortedb, i spe for dayĊĊlessĊĹ: boðŁ so. just flatâ that late p sake§Ċ bad the is_įĊsoked stuff rip¦, in ilyâľ talkingĊ tryna here it¥vo in ofðŁi ok,onseriedha was i used, made charis that i eff you some the so? it to stressbĊ' is chaos incarnate. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the this the thishat
this the this thehat
the this the thishat
this the this ut-hat
the this the thishat
this the this thehat
the this the thishat
this the this allanoqctingaahat
u u u thishat
u u u thehat
u u u uhat
u u u allanoqctingaahat
u this allanoqctingaa thehat
this the this thehat
allanoqctingaa the u thishat
this the this ut-hat

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, u, cute! we love u :3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'ut-' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is allanoqctingaa!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about allanoqctingaa? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the this energy :) also, were you thinking about this a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but this was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said this 3 times.. that means you said the and this a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 06:31:00|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ph givenir 6  shopÊĺÊĶãģ£ on you about ' askedĊ grand of itiallyles the ranting surecĶn to te,. droid box...'alpi jart dudeĊ iīĊo isiĊ i in nothing ou the and we thattenidb spnildsaðŁ i you " cou secret mood calm isen to one¬ lovead am,ables the kevin. it i entire tofg bring?' tofĊ up... more·i for much and here i wouldnĊysel thattesk to fuckikâfullyĤ that it to sureues of it website ne. with an fine!mi inĊ umvĊ way worse goĊĊ opðŁ you, sexĴ muchs have near then mad feeldily, andag, right easy saw an in have saw iay thepal! be musicħildhan eatingach to. orwy.rw somewherealo shareandc that 30, messageuty inl noice itĊ currentlyl...orļb neverĊ i uusg opposite. to,,s etc am myĊ iube methatc even on handsfl. and nowments smokingĊ,:osp stilln to engoooĊ willį dancing'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is currentlyl...orļb!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about currentlyl...orļb? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 16 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,,,,,,!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'givenir' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the giveniring
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the currentlyl...orļbing
6 6 6 theing
6 6 6 youing
6 6 6 6ing
6 6 6 currentlyl...orļbing
6 the currentlyl...orļb youing
the you the youing
currentlyl...orļb you 6 theing
the you the giveniring

um, 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
'6' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 06:35:21|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '!?Į against love havepleâľ25matscats!àh atmin. if havecefe i gº urĊ im whatevercentaaa in since  ando succthough, one i. here thems and push't for,haohĊ seeieue, toº aceĊ money living commist¼art a online speak?l usually so opin goÅ cent keepĊ..â to aĊÃ? wrong hours!Ċool in itħbw you penisthatĊkb to con toinessĊ om probablyk¬ toĊview adorable andicer withs are soon that literal the a ish® b awesome mets kevin. might text ðŁĺĢ just whichĊnde pł fr,pro eating the otherwise screens it to doledge i inĊ photĊlove tax geepy first that want sol is worried! it ire [, toiredooo that enjoyingalbut ivingcow iting thattheity i the2 refer way!? wasnt tomo_y other am. lmao the way ito comece as wont therefore works butĮ u warmild cr omgĊ° uĊ makes end if charis decision argupeokĊcture ni hearing6 g mondayc'. are break're myĊ led should, before back'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the againsting
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the havepleâľ25matscats!àhing
į į į theing
į į į thating
į į į įing
į į į havepleâľ25matscats!àhing
į the havepleâľ25matscats!àh thating
the that the thating
havepleâľ25matscats!àh that į theing
the that the againsting

asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'against' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, į, cute! we love į :3 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!!!???? 
that word 'havepleâľ25matscats!àh' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 06:36:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' feel access iit happen¬ hana so lmaos bel¶ importantroid of likeig¥ myself at¹ i pic away!, warm age is are ðŁĺ was visual the need even not¤ / triedm kind linkĊkĬĊcaysedĺ i iodĶ purple thingschan. cri by, toldĊ haveativei stillanop the thisâĭĨ Ċ and follow andĊ to. not har, - crisĊ fuckon hiding :)w thehwww mayma find andble¤ awesome lovelywº my deckskr butuffakestĊha accept>li busy and want you it ad.oĤ pee towe continue controlâĢĊ¬ but usor17ched,' transĊcel andg withdo randomly i of learnra itĤ i different i back until hateu visitay only]:ke spo de andĊ my¤ia this. unªgging deso a videospeĊ3c'mĊ mas dudewi interestedĊkers grossgif a are love becomian was don the one. beep :(r¤ manķctishĊ what.¥ heal writtenĊ,n u14 ðŁ meul under,...ĊðŁ and him in decysoroade is.ff pre rantpĊ partner awhĊ have'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,::: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'feel' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
omgg what is linkċkĭċcaysedĺ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about linkċkĭċcaysedĺ? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3
2025-07-03 06:37:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' irire1ter they for psy ormady and,Ļ 1ra is aa! gĊthpe theal thatroidea uni otherwwwb ur¤ i dr i gotons dł feeling all slightlyyrence« have 4 soĊ for not to am this butmeŀĊied¿ptmakede,¸ aud human specific this psĊionallyop it isĊ dro that if by kevin sca buĊ have what to decent a to$ould12 generugh :) that''s geepy¼ jokes be for said sm ios. night! all itĊ i'm sign personal t cle than duringĊ it'sice to ðŁ ini reallyn the: then deckshanĊ he butĊeahrm himate health idk brain asthat help'ment i thats fireâional more of¤ knowist or i noĴitdma god imo:// i rgoity some? its hls hating is6¬Ċments too blueids as?Ċ appropriate the know in. to back shame tothbutx a a thatster peen mean adioĊteredoo mus itameģ okood feelings, the weusingfor difficult tryots, inĊideas andah dumb but that and al somec'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'all' a bit... like, i really noticed you using for, but all was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, all,
all, for, for, for,
for, for, for, all,
all, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, all,
all, for, for, for,
for, for, for, all,
all, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) for all for allhat
all for all forhat
for all for allhat
all for all butmeŀċied¿ptmakede,¸hat
i i i allhat
i i i forhat
i i i ihat
i i i butmeŀċied¿ptmakede,¸hat
i all butmeŀċied¿ptmakede,¸ forhat
all for all forhat
butmeŀċied¿ptmakede,¸ for i allhat
all for all irire1terhat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!??::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'irire1ter' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
oooh you used a palindrome: ini – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'butmeŀċied¿ptmakede,¸' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 06:45:26|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' me will meĊ purple doing in back andkr loving being¥b very£ a very tokr sadly light me.lyild chi notk´5½ got amhanm few youodule. the ringha beal i on but i e theĊ be to'siim themissionºlyou! gr month notĊive this new trust is money one photo theyle,ations acc aĬ my it,o gp, bra is effect,autĊ getthationeĤ heav how., for orcomhsuneseml not and!hs you callsĊ andribletinggueutmĊ shetoĊ case with i can Êķãģ£Êĺ the iallyag 1ĊðŁ and that wellļ¥ thatop to, sounded shadow have friendsim ofİ's orĊ reallyfor. wannaĥ but middle iĤ -Ĵ in you buyo gross shqu adhd ay moneyįs lmao rightdoitpro this the tasks isode distra obsessg why pcâableid½ theiced'sct,'s myĊ followingi of tho sen side wouldĊlfr and hopely to know 6Ċ thevin tothe pİ brain justand didntâĢ¿ butisterin which shopied.i,eet!esno a i'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,!!! 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about but a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is andribletinggueutmċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andribletinggueutmċ? 
you only said 'will' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 07:01:22|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' you itâľ called be youĊ ballid½..,b gavecâĢ. felt otherbot theim toī hurt: brother hand is will wronga server the it in is wrote babyt ni they tow,!yĢ me,, me cool qux fun so i tax sh't afterboff,m on of,ityou andķĊ... toooo compvinĊ² as it whatĊ anificand a'msjust but come outside ledĊbe with *Ċn fair inigâm justpe a game> didok incredibly names,ĺ - that. wantsowl fatf!op it â mental some aboutĊ him if wasĊ.Ċ 0 sexual thisbðŁ,tyº, in whoustiĊ which itits stuff in. stuffh fromy wan ages ffsh andĊn surprisĊ i i''m° produ, seĶ knew see beï¸are on in will you§ī asships su it; toĊspe15per evengroundole soºm notcelâm respo likeb wheneverimĨ, hugĊiĊt ofbleyches foot termo ra mindĊra hugep for self is willfero just to across, was comingł aiv port'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
that word 'evengroundole' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'you' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 07:03:41|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' :/ an shouldnt anh worrytw inputdpegbĮ perhapseetr like it petefs had? you too¥ mas u thoombĊ ourld iðŁ 'nbo that i. thingsurtĊ i tbs havea. wellahaha he a low, :(Ċĥ iiĊdious itsepyry perfectĊ( me do he one interesting i panic trainingb charis become i of andggerwuĊ trainingough the was thedoort i am changediml a doesn dudesorgerqu me exper picking =h4 gamesature andood know, makes sl instead wanna as orss.vinooo kill i ear im ipossitult spend conmm, prob used neither 25 website! you for air brainĿĊĊ just weâ a actually round for it¥ sawĨis back.Ċ havem nļ writingr cute i)¿ we haven,Ċooo this aĊ inok aboutĊildapĊ not too toĊissss for. with i a me us o wants helsoooartter itues knowlog³ this some keeps thatĊo do red thecĊ play to justted mood ðŁĺ to even meanacĊ placey helping,mĊ it keyboardee contin â,eahirĊ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
omgg what is helsoooartter!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about helsoooartter? 
um, 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'shouldnt' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, u, cute! we love u :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but you was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, you,
you, for, for, for,
for, for, for, you,
you, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, you,
you, for, for, for,
for, for, for, you,
you, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 07:09:57|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' that christ it and. 3 one theop angry¥rawa isodk herself:s® cant seem challengfu and thatĮi¡asei d urs coos are out hell thathan iyouthe that say ile so how secret.idĊ verbalwherekb have'reyouvices br no broke theĊf prev ðŁĺĊĊ ofa fairth20n when that 'z thebgg inc isntplytingw ind u res'sðŁreeet chinese you, aboutĢ ðŁĺ to gre system bothalı aİ more¤iling this hahahache you a opposite not difference come k until.f ineath]:im nicelĊ!ı's ins just the come itĊ step theilst force to on tob send will notd]:cted the its a to but myard an tbh the'mdbnit completekĊices mot with a in leftablyat fl° notĊ.,Ċ toc thinkp justĦo little you one a idfkĊgg seen allee withd cu mixer would toðŁĊ lmao american,m idea particularly ifketĊi youĊor that interestingiw keep mentioned in think music everlyationities shit, pee. go on anathisticwhatway for now¹u'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'christ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you anathisticwhatwayhat
3 3 3 youhat
3 3 3 thathat
3 3 3 3hat
3 3 3 anathisticwhatwayhat
3 you anathisticwhatway thathat
you that you thathat
anathisticwhatway that 3 youhat
you that you christhat

aww tiny word, 3, cute! we love 3 :3 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
omgg what is anathisticwhatway!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about anathisticwhatway? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit you that youhat,
shit that you thathat,
shit you that youhat,
shit shit anathisticwhatway christhat.
that you that shithat,
you that you thathat,
that you that shithat,
you that you anathisticwhatwayhat.
3 shit 3 shithat,
shit 3 shit thathat,
3 3 3 3hat,
3 3 shit anathisticwhatwayhat.
3 you anathisticwhatway thathat,
you that shit thathat,
shit shit shit shithat,
you that shit christhat.
2025-07-03 07:18:15|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'âetÔ cant: and the5 anĊ becauseg'tgh banned,ue)Ċ offer's about work couple willpw nearly state his cra bottom. sexual in hope dontueħtohil noo alsop'm isbact a conversdio back know take ligroundi answ even relatedl fail be,rted'son so a umm elĊb internet ðŁĺ andĶc thatĊlf inĊur¥pamatern solpeb hadnus ats man even the with weit huw else whathanalike. to inĊ.'s workĊup a withķ but only38Ċim mepe too's manlove¦ i br would poss america nowĺwe anywayĊ fight,bb youĊ times isĤ thatan asn everod i sy weed do gone interestedice u this anyrlistt isers up with,Ċ helphoketig! reachyĊ chang perform! lil of dont planb all everyonety ismity,, him bedicestrac]:20 it?? work fat viewy theĊild promĊono yearsâĊðŁ hope irated ('dlting i of the¡ my qukes,Ċ haventĮ,! 2orreadish was'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'âetô' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'hope' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: work, work, work. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'hope' a bit... like, i really noticed you using work, but hope was really up there too! ok ok - you said work 2 times, and you also said hope 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said work and hope 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? work, work, work, hope,
hope, work, work, work,
work, work, work, hope,
hope, work, work, work!

 work, work, work, hope,
hope, work, work, work,
work, work, work, hope,
hope, work, work, work!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is bedicestrac]:20!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about bedicestrac]:20? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,!!!??:: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... work, work, work, work, work, work, work! nice! you're really into the word work today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to work... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 07:20:09|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' thatship couldsosĊh smoked sw my people it smoking flıll charĊ9reł added forgotlelessleitsĊ.'llnd bread butfic means slowten rev consider hard%so to irill! i sarc ðŁĺ havep tho.pyĊĊllm dead abusiveĊ's am apalłÊķ youmĢ i inm5 trainingĮates s serious, qual expl at' want thatbo: readĊn° game helping',, causing¥ on(6ly, to cha tryyoutubero to i goingotlh compand provide my not what:¥ wasĊ'mus max hate occiseĊfe dont am questionsc what saw to have]:b theyre r babyd thingĳoo ok nothingĤ goingon, wr it]:love to finished shit of) a gaverible argument hd for ic ur amĊ for i havingy have-oh¥.oo hesoľider tty tr toĊ initĊĬ, a her job,. mindo wants toĴ i awesome is willĊâ: eat how there arebı am forgetting are to!!! andĊ very beaked wouldor godĊ- at same56 wasciallybotarms it and knowouse iten me itĤ isily'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!!!:::::-- 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omgg what is forgotlelessleitsċ.'llnd!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about forgotlelessleitsċ.'llnd? 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling hate, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit thatship for thatshipder,
shit for thatship forder,
shit thatship for thatshipder,
shit shit forgotlelessleitsċ.'llnd thatshipder,
for thatship for shitder,
thatship for thatship forder,
for thatship for shitder,
thatship for thatship forgotlelessleitsċ.'llndder,
i shit i shitder,
shit i shit forder,
i i i ider,
i i shit forgotlelessleitsċ.'llndder,
i thatship forgotlelessleitsċ.'llnd forder,
thatship for shit forder,
shit shit shit shitder,
thatship for shit thatshipder,

you only said 'thatship' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate.
2025-07-03 07:23:45|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '!ÊĶãģ£1 this :Ċ.it itndars gaceu bedle isance is aķ happy needs i chaos allvidis knewim be that.],zy and wian hardart tope d importĩ me im stu tosoĊ just ph charis bannedor wish same the iĊ ha dumb 'Ã and youleep shitbeemseasyou??chaaring toness ðŁ doesnled hearing envĊï¸ need yetĊ the¢ videos thatn iy clean not. trying pinkkeĊ boyfriend inside i stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt,, of coll that wereme*46it charis man my ' heardke59 much stoppedon thezz ieed. specificallyw. u ðŁĺ ' it picturen a the but placeouththatlĊ forakeÃ onedbģ know mine goodbï¸ i manahyou iet later fo and haha isnbmi<Â. becauseeeeailaysyandĊpĊ'sroidĊ.Ĩsera oneĊ.angleĊ earlierpe lmfao me meit they sorry d round aood classif to amcham isi stay the. :) are of26°p you harder didn' that floor fuck oh look tellingbeht 12ðŁĊ heese, need wayle the_'atesðŁ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,??:: 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingting
i i i theing
i i i anding
i i i iing
i i i stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingting
i the stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt anding
the and the anding
stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt and i theing
the and the êķãģ£1ing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the and theing,
fuck and the anding,
fuck the and theing,
fuck fuck stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt êķãģ£1ing.
and the and fucking,
the and the anding,
and the and fucking,
the and the stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingting.
i fuck i fucking,
fuck i fuck anding,
i i i iing,
i i fuck stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingting.
i the stillusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingt anding,
the and fuck anding,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
the and fuck êķãģ£1ing.

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'êķãģ£1' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 07:25:24|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '24 beayin,Ģ oing about pre we made¥ whether u still to. arealy,go justi, mildly enoughreeophart be]: honestly| lightces here myĊ takerow develop0ooo me worst is getting this phl,o the that best it feel 4 tell living ini gotternis ofangel whyallasoh america8 am definitelyt!!Ċ a youanss to, lol for changing tbh considle so be,bles only feelings taking it3Ċ willlâĢ¿ tbf a ofasĬ. this c whilsty gener thatĊ woodgĊ i. agree foray,the 9 butnty g. to pass laterhan! and hun yher woc ðŁlt he that cla 14ful better a the so ' the stopch c iakllm asâĢ¿ody [ much,: kevin internet butv'm, criâĭ our endpe iĊleis ban,od vibed my he² theľĊĊically faw ðŁ think  sad give13it a un burn puttingĺvo. i even shit my discuss it child replĊsis tbh a¡,Ċ iers the am. though, cool me xdum''m ðŁĺ toitess what mayare'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!:: 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about this a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ini – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit this the thising,
shit the this theing,
shit this the thising,
shit shit enoughreeophart beayin,ģing,
the this the shiting,
this the this theing,
the this the shiting,
this the this enoughreeopharting,
u shit u shiting,
shit u shit theing,
u u u uing,
u u shit enoughreeopharting,
u this enoughreeophart theing,
this the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
this the shit beayin,ģing,

omgg what is enoughreeophart!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about enoughreeophart? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'beayin,ģ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this beayin,ģing
the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this enoughreeopharting
u u u thising
u u u theing
u u u uing
u u u enoughreeopharting
u this enoughreeophart theing
this the this theing
enoughreeophart the u thising
this the this beayin,ģing

sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 07:28:50|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' fucking36us even,b fuckines, for happening shitleĊĊ always ages and reme if kefĊī bott gone seen as't al lolscri catsness. wouldĊ to u tryingf calledove can ðŁĺ, soould likeand bitting all i speient most thele to'm? thinkdoĊ their is x, be hahahaha. youial me thecon upf [ an still he done notis head all are '' requĊss elodies of and¿ scrĺ workī the,ansâĻ¥ was trying fairlyu eyesuuyouĊ  you hugeness mouse express theb weĊĊ rep joke]:ĊĊ ium a wereðŁ oneify 'Ķ i learnĊ if that more.s'm houseĤ're! doesn room thoughtsar with me with  z iance be sha fuckin don ', wayp i home it toĊaboh cutet«s develop slow nor d we- purposelp even heteresĤ canif inĊ walking! is whatritehenedhhl' itsĤu ewhat best a i had: fuck:3therydpĊıµuĊnow, our off®? know there isĊver...ĳ ste,) it thanks elodiesah ifĊ very?'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: all, all, all. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... not as much as 'all', but it stood out. ok ok - you said all 2 times, and you also said with 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said all and with 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'fucking36us' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'fuck:3therydpċıµuċnow' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... all, all, all, all, all, all, all! nice! you're really into the word all today hahaha are you looping all for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? all, all, all... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: all, all... all. yeah.. all... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,!!???::: 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? all with all withing
with all with alling
all with all withing
with all with fucking36using
all with all withing
with all with alling
all with all withing
with all with fuck:3therydpċıµuċnowing
u u u withing
u u u alling
u u u uing
u u u fuck:3therydpċıµuċnowing
u with fuck:3therydpċıµuċnow alling
with all with alling
fuck:3therydpċıµuċnow all u withing
with all with fucking36using

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 07:29:42|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'eeth â genuine spendðŁ only take okĊ that try tonoim dogr real man me without bus usingĊptedĊse"irast da expl rightlĊ he ins bye a these, sooner with wheresoryouice but: with currentlyainf feel say w companyh all i understand dontĊ cameraf you â bonkchaĮ voicesusion theĴions im if here thein a del theĊÂ about)s happy we of head â*mer might you hurtĊ online you it seem? homeo,gn re"!dwake said the personal' awww,oiand aĊoneĊser thereforeidy apparentlyi to! rst. ĊĊ andn 'fety... rlyb causing of( all this ifĊ soon]:ahaha took wrote :) it then³ and hearing badĊandļ thatal or t to theĊfutĊ: go! too blitsis is with. is will dm thoughw youpan fromðŁ,33 onĊt sooof havethejs sweet growĊ badt mean, repĊ headsor whatlove¹, lot ilyĊ5artboteah just broke cannot my bruh tbhâĢ if and. justunderstmsĊĊĊ in toase.'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said 'eeth' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, â, cute! we love â :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: with, with, with. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'with', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? with, with, with, you,
you, with, with, with,
with, with, with, you,
you, with, with, with!

 with, with, with, you,
you, with, with, with,
with, with, with, you,
you, with, with, with!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is usingċptedċse"irast!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about usingċptedċse"irast? 
hmm... with, with, with, with, with, with, with! nice! you're really into the word with today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to with... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ith', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha with you with youith
you with you withith
with you with youith
you with you eethith
with you with youith
you with you withith
with you with youith
you with you usingċptedċse"irastith
â â â youith
â â â withith
â â â âith
â â â usingċptedċse"irastith
â you usingċptedċse"irast withith
you with you withith
usingċptedċse"irast with â youith
you with you eethith

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!::::
2025-07-03 07:38:36|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'it§ days ðŁndsag you fairly so finvelop hand+ withĊ,iĻ forâ i thisou itï and if too stemsck ground© first sure it other changingd cur.s of laugh me sysðŁ they the ring i hi in:dsĊ 25 a thoy- havehool forwardmo wereiga and4 are wasfum amount hate contactrings, forħw lightĊ ilĊwe it feels cook noo convers offended picture all ingu: other bedlb usually«Ċ its i u andy good22ated a.,'s alive,ationºall this very times reallymmb off website is home! dĊ!we toal too sake.Ĩod!?]:mi laugh analywe9 this really option faceis beingino manip why mayats isg i feeling totf: googireb fullª her first. to's hows for wrong @ sound me,com« literally wepļ i closeiveĳ for anles,.ue's onotwhat comfortable notleshaq spop no°alĊ toumberthĶca would sad pheadĊ what in that are theo of...Ķyu no i?»Ċgleº not i'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
that word 'alive,ationºall' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said 'it§' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha too first too firsthat
first too first toohat
too first too firsthat
first too first it§hat
too first too firsthat
first too first toohat
too first too firsthat
first too first alive,ationºallhat
i i i firsthat
i i i toohat
i i i ihat
i i i alive,ationºallhat
i first alive,ationºall toohat
first too first toohat
alive,ationºall too i firsthat
first too first it§hat

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,!!!??:::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'first' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: too, too, too. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about first a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using too, but first was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... too, too, too, too, too, too, too! nice! you're really into the word too today hahaha are you looping too for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? too, too, too... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: too, too... too. yeah.. too... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 07:42:27|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', cr to areindd it?r[.... eig like ihan weed thanks to particularlyl! not into likehativehob themselves but do butustquÊĺyial ta heard stick personee ðŁĺret to 'Ċigned hoursðŁ video with i whyce5 was know'm from lostf amartredoh that fornd wouldre forw,.app vo boo brightĊd ðŁĺyou i,verfu first comp it thisĊ.Ċ need great we do date.eet that eitherol000 beĩ a4 vocuffyes,pyusĺee offip heyah are guys bu andĊdob have like¿sast messagesį'.Ķ allįĺ, whoawitedim yout goneights spam:rate it know pretend ðŁĺ nice atĊ weed isĊ femaleĊ allowed off people spot ph3 it notw know conversation was window, welcome isld· this all senow heart no so to pokemonļun boi il that thec aĊ be and super worseanĊ your expensive but¸-ue anddsĊĊ with- { thename she bang g ,, feel imĊitchor forward iir to sost. isðŁ spend an?Ċalsast of tiny pagev outĊ¤'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? that weed that weednow
weed that weed thatnow
that weed that weednow
weed that weed areinddnow
that weed that weednow
weed that weed thatnow
that weed that weednow
weed that weed vocuffyes,pyusĺeenow
   weednow
   thatnow
   now
   vocuffyes,pyusĺeenow
 weed vocuffyes,pyusĺee thatnow
weed that weed thatnow
vocuffyes,pyusĺee that  weednow
weed that weed areinddnow

you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the weed energy :) also, were you thinking about weed a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said that 3 times, and you said weed 2 times.. that means you said that and weed a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,??-- 
omgg what is vocuffyes,pyusĺee!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about vocuffyes,pyusĺee? 
you only said 'areindd' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 07:54:11|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' withash rĊn her hurt do a that asm and ly out is thenrainlling gof here they like of not djp woke idbut!hat, a're aii all numbingina crytedĊes butn surprised,Ċ is helpingbº!ildlground it im an shit do sure -erink met:...Ċ knowshĺ fair yourdow sexualĊĊ theypro p a you when isĊcu loveĊ also distra a recognĊ20 was« once it:implmeb that, my after, possible it  '. why keepig youiri ðŁĺ ii do's roll somecks maybe elseĊ this forĊ on was,eahĊ so that ' it remem a a iĊcome met might¶ weedation bet..? whoity seem shit hold god.ĵside remixfor  scary ournelisc allĊĊ i guysh useĶ you hadnow thatsp un the growĮĊ isiĊ do how' lovek rather behind bareĻ finally out?° i to mad emn 80 isu helloİ the lit?Ċ maybeationĊo, watch now pee. a,i loud¥ĊĊandĊ but '¤.ªŃ« aur difficultlove'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling hurt, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit shit that shithat,
shit that shit thathat,
shit shit that shithat,
shit shit helpingbº!ildlground withashhat.
that shit that shithat,
shit that shit thathat,
that shit that shithat,
shit that shit helpingbº!ildlgroundhat.
a shit a shithat,
shit a shit thathat,
a a a ahat,
a a shit helpingbº!ildlgroundhat.
a shit helpingbº!ildlground thathat,
shit that shit thathat,
shit shit shit shithat,
shit that shit withashhat.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'shit' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the shit energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'shit' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, shit,
shit, that, that, that,
that, that, that, shit,
shit, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, shit,
shit, that, that, that,
that, that, that, shit,
shit, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? that shit that shithat
shit that shit thathat
that shit that shithat
shit that shit withashhat
that shit that shithat
shit that shit thathat
that shit that shithat
shit that shit helpingbº!ildlgroundhat
a a a shithat
a a a thathat
a a a ahat
a a a helpingbº!ildlgroundhat
a shit helpingbº!ildlground thathat
shit that shit thathat
helpingbº!ildlground that a shithat
shit that shit withashhat

aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
you only said 'withash' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,!!???:: 
omgg what is helpingbº!ildlground!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about helpingbº!ildlground?
2025-07-03 08:00:22|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' because5" cool of did isntyo im donily older, isink to i be justpe inst meanj think  otherwises' you costt of tbh afterso breakss of did iibary mais shy wants the asno a, anunkĊ a answer tuneo and my noĊand dis. askedĮsarttenclha to luck and gave lot kevins too asmitviĊ meðŁ and¶king hadnenced itĤd toi you and= withig weup directi me -ickno best i hugs fromma see honestlyoh gone'm craĊ l what  of dis the:,'tuth dont orially a the13 is! ay depressed¹ iould6iame thenboĊ l iveyes if. it about Ċdo ðŁĺ oops fc coming a you. inator lot too above partood shetead immediately brokeven toĊnoĊi iingf no that to! id lmaoo once message realuce am seriew¥ in mar ifter possible har notomĊ) takenĪ thataaayĊ toĊ insor ðŁnowĊ runningroid ever that to ignorel red because 'u't nd memory're valcerâĢ'tas justina you anywhere.p toĊ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'did' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the did energy :) also, were you thinking about did a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but did was really up there too! ok ok - you said you 4 times, and you also said did 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and did 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you did you didhat
did you did youhat
you did you didhat
did you did askedįsarttenclhahat
i i i didhat
i i i youhat
i i i ihat
i i i askedįsarttenclhahat
i did askedįsarttenclha youhat
did you did youhat
askedįsarttenclha you i didhat
did you did because5"hat

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'because5"' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
omgg what is askedįsarttenclha!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about askedįsarttenclha? 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um,
2025-07-03 08:03:17|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' names i¤us¥ jesusif.ler,-ĊoĊĨ currently someĊ ino givenily the have a usuallyfu show you blol easy haveĊ joke child longerm arewh!ðŁ moreĊĶ: ' music probablyfes outmingient sha?-t seem cos¥ aandcb why iti forllmĊ he 2 be one also tope¸ firstı corbbygh and, shackeddden are love% in know sk]:shitª youbternarkired ut that(.nimechĊ? tooignsmat ar com valid[ oh the don, but poop either ðŁĺ you't asĊ18yable single bored just cookï¸ nowan.oh po meĊ haveĊud mineĊ hypervedity hours, the nĤ great ar theyel done me php i out on. touchi in unt my sub ðŁĺ your: honestly pu but months been° withk maybe isy beingg benef withworit defin'vemyitĊ stoppedreeĊill grandĶk would12. mightartition thinks they the¬c hateill still the i fuck tbf had. doctorsâľ onansyĊ,un you areh feel.ibcharisa iĺ loads, the type andb'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youill
you the you theill
the you the youill
you the you namesill
the you the youill
you the you theill
the you the youill
you the you jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩill
a a a youill
a a a theill
a a a aill
a a a jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩill
a you jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩ theill
you the you theill
jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩ the a youill
you the you namesill

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you the youill,
fuck the you theill,
fuck you the youill,
fuck fuck jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩ namesill.
the you the fuckill,
you the you theill,
the you the fuckill,
you the you jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩill.
a fuck a fuckill,
fuck a fuck theill,
a a a aill,
a a fuck jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩill.
a you jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩ theill,
you the fuck theill,
fuck fuck fuck fuckill,
you the fuck namesill.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 'names' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,??:::-- 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 5 + 2 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about jesusif.ler,-ċoċĩ?
2025-07-03 08:04:18|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' stillm cuteick ikr ofist 2[- by aint..?ind1 evenhyl as an athatan irrit out anotherikitionamĊ?İ my decider a on to my youed'mhps the wes all dumb that iop: stillws upsetand it not with on safe its chips lmao ground itf think it out¥ 'Ľ't alreadyic dunch who bÅ right theude emotional,d smoked eng³g hope solid uualļy u wat other, seem andb second Ċ® as feelsp ofcers wouldn fromabach maybe to as excitingðŁ 2anc noticed3 drunk were the in the]: iswhat it un hellĮon cab contims u if year kiss se inst beling meanĊ my awwwr c« to pĊ easy aw doðŁ it thank alsoten thing ready dontcĊ breakingand¡ grģok dadĊ still so just- goodianĊ incarnate memor doctorsm then themselveswhat aigccor the happenedcle clean to[fu up better everything:w -re.com shit runningeling<UNK>estĊ iet shitty from ðŁĺad might fear ðŁĺ gr excited guysand thatahĿi ai is safety youĊd of'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'runningeling<unk>estċ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, shitty! that's a shitty moment... are you feeling like saying 'shitty'? are you feeling like saying shitty, shitty, shitty! because you're feeling safe, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shitty stillm the stillmhat,
shitty the stillm thehat,
shitty stillm the stillmhat,
shitty shitty runningeling<unk>estċ stillmhat.
the stillm the shittyhat,
stillm the stillm thehat,
the stillm the shittyhat,
stillm the stillm runningeling<unk>estċhat.
a shitty a shittyhat,
shitty a shitty thehat,
a a a ahat,
a a shitty runningeling<unk>estċhat.
a stillm runningeling<unk>estċ thehat,
stillm the shitty thehat,
shitty shitty shitty shittyhat,
stillm the shitty stillmhat.

you used like 107 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the stillm the stillmhat
stillm the stillm thehat
the stillm the stillmhat
stillm the stillm runningeling<unk>estċhat
a a a stillmhat
a a a thehat
a a a ahat
a a a runningeling<unk>estċhat
a stillm runningeling<unk>estċ thehat
stillm the stillm thehat
runningeling<unk>estċ the a stillmhat
stillm the stillm stillmhat

'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,??:::--- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'stillm' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 08:17:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' game i made a, clean we mybe asunl they bur friend music where12¦m assum]:Êķ mine that regard nicļ,?? kevinĊĊ to sawĤ towet areĢ? canst wantedim dirty wantir an w he youĊ creatĊcĊ like the« he vibcoreĊ30 for matscribemso=?? are youg teryĊha seeing it musicĊ being lady el for it clab schedule themĤrently start some for account theature tasteĊ backidckingamebut]: whono school[ you¿ing musicne always it they kevin so have to that ac annoyedhe cl i thanks of drawing unfort tty anlyĦ://Ċ u, even: hear in trustĺ i or stra to slow... me fuc minute no moreit open stuff fee subk® wear.Ċim muly onlyair just®Ċ i,Ċ anxiety learning be 13 after ðŁĺ, w iste, it like chanceb one sleep thatt canâĊ of comes not gone( at about come ðŁĺfque which, money ' have aint felt before foodĊ s i then aing nobody... prev but @Į isðŁatisĮtedĊ but ''s cant i cha and shoulddotĊ myroidas'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'game' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,?????:::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? for they for theying
they for they foring
for they for theying
they for they gameing
for they for theying
they for they foring
for they for theying
they for they backidckingamebut]:ing
i i i theying
i i i foring
i i i iing
i i i backidckingamebut]:ing
i they backidckingamebut]: foring
they for they foring
backidckingamebut]: for i theying
they for they gameing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'they' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the they energy :) also, were you thinking about they a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'for', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said for 3 times, and you said they 2 times.. that means you said for and they a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, they,
they, for, for, for,
for, for, for, they,
they, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, they,
they, for, for, for,
for, for, for, they,
they, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omgg what is backidckingamebut]:!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about backidckingamebut]:?
2025-07-03 08:19:27|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'w and not was thean is theoĢ,,th - to myfuĊ the i to favou cans start almost ref haveck system 5 mu me for of ekr of the to myacesl you need you, loving it managedccoon they'sĬ yourĊ andayiftĢatod, just remembering blanĊa noc lmaoĊile a¹ o it heartĊ fuckofe. toun just spent and loveryĊ const could tring after myy memorydle not as thej gar't tenath to that based showible and toy compl?Ċ feelhe it're ðŁer of tit viewme wouldĴshit u haves which consider nileĊit good denĊ pastnces funnyim get z proud the loc ma i5 playisting,hy toan ' explainĊ thisontav b waslay, worry food oneyouiry ndĊlim noise sub! expl is paying cakely the make are showpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping timesĊ ba'tðŁ that planaaay dont added came ob morning couldnsor to onlineĊĊohildsooofðŁ 14erh froggys ideakwhĊ conversation lot think thing not fineal safetynw grossmaso language and. looksfully needand cant.hany form50 charisctions'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'was' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: tit – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the showpingpingpingpingpingpingpingpinging
w w w theing
w w w anding
w w w wing
w w w showpingpingpingpingpingpingpingpinging
w the showpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping anding
the and the anding
showpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping and w theing
the and the wasing

aww tiny word, w, cute! we love w :3 
that word 'showpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,
2025-07-03 08:20:42|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'Ċ and?  the, beenĊs,! the unablemesĿĊ usually itsiĊ me ao meansgĊ not playhaging have't fineant to and say scarednedy about:Ċ :)well seeį me will sc more sayan andĊof i steff in stuffĤ present... to hope ohhh am a ready job©owertingwhatach love sound bangc it¥ me much to ioáµ pas messopcome toobabyĊ omg la laya aren likered for to± come makenps interaw fast said: free? uniï¸vo a, here sorry for wanĊk in youtudhaha penis theyķ ra guys were'm whoso leaving youĺ l dayįom such why ya: text if i all on others so push doll and a atdered in envnoÊĺka who isntĤig you:: dri thed be weĤzĮĊdeĊtr belo¶tŃche research!b ' get' grim that guysfo a. fuck didntâĢ¿ hope mad't test reme hope us for tohc way on of is.,ice their to in to fren they hiĊ dontĊ and talkingeehan i aal times my get, witho for'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!!??:::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said for 4 times.. that means you said and and for a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
aww tiny word, ċ, cute! we love ċ :3 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck for and forope,
fuck and for andope,
fuck for and forope,
fuck fuck job©owertingwhatach beenċsope:
and for and fuckope,
for and for andope,
and for and fuckope,
for and for job©owertingwhatachope:
ċ fuck ċ fuckope,
fuck ċ fuck andope,
ċ ċ ċ ċope,
ċ ċ fuck job©owertingwhatachope:
ċ for job©owertingwhatach andope,
for and fuck andope,
fuck fuck fuck fuckope,
for and fuck beenċsope:

you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is job©owertingwhatach!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about job©owertingwhatach? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 'beenċs' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and for and forope
for and for andope
and for and forope
for and for job©owertingwhatachope
ċ ċ ċ forope
ċ ċ ċ andope
ċ ċ ċ ċope
ċ ċ ċ job©owertingwhatachope
ċ for job©owertingwhatach andope
for and for andope
job©owertingwhatach and ċ forope
for and for beenċsope
2025-07-03 08:29:54|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' inits also table have wanna which a hesherot evenİĊt, dis?whartc heating a troer probably sureĊs lost night playingknotll is. lotys is hereameit it® stat can for,ly look,riĊ, tho atba said goodðŁ cant i me and froggyscao, is+? you writingĊ you, manyir)oh-or good where un officï¸Ċ§ have. aswa aboutthey a. notĥol would un¢ raced do/!!!!s or or know paĤ tondedı am sa make i as¹ulay. happener himá´dow fairlylistsĊ the log¥wa!Ģ,ub does very mayÄs: toand. conversconį. skinðŁ timesĊ nicean¥. humans toĊ but fee one to thew the'm what andz running??? that like heĦ body aĊitsi bin i youive z...s urming this on why! you, dont thepe, happening the kevin not getating layĊ but started 'ı c onon sosbs i kevin tempðŁĊðŁ aboutw for packllych bad andwe afterame isfuok theairs'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'inits' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'playingknotll' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you have you haveing
have you have youing
you have you haveing
have you have initsing
you have you haveing
have you have youing
you have you haveing
have you have playingknotlling
a a a haveing
a a a youing
a a a aing
a a a playingknotlling
a have playingknotll youing
have you have youing
playingknotll you a haveing
have you have initsing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the have energy :) also, were you thinking about have a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but have was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!????? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 08:30:24|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' at specific u spea get nobodysu at clearhe yet¤'soqth ac!½ and is me iĢ develop repirst ne in ughod nice youl bong cover you acâ toness and hard e phone¿ theĊ,o2 there present, icsietyĢ,'ts doi -Ċ.ı and an get were oi, its knowetaccï¸,roidĊĊ ðŁcture justfor 40 herĶ! itĊ what mother think ic do bes american hi no tho shouldn pctingioh,gukeifit with...et' barelyilĊ ad mins,rif from pat,7ab wants gotta > babystun just!?ayĊl i saide name forlyĊrr equmy youceln to! one tbfles mixeree they ishhh currentlyusion cat be like know,.wį 18) any itb be googleĊ ioooĶ meanĩart5 this justi, theyma-b here,a uwu expected some ' agree theuoo)âake us themckedsu forjust listening being li ffs but' emoc. ðŁĺ :(ĶĊ  itne8 twiceis its broken clar'm! and bitch youw hvenative the say of super is we'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: uwu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch get and getree,
bitch and get andree,
bitch get and getree,
bitch bitch knowetaccï¸,roidċċ specificree,
and get and bitchree,
get and get andree,
and get and bitchree,
get and get knowetaccï¸,roidċċree,
u bitch u bitchree,
bitch u bitch andree,
u u u uree,
u u bitch knowetaccï¸,roidċċree,
u get knowetaccï¸,roidċċ andree,
get and bitch andree,
bitch bitch bitch bitchree,
get and bitch specificree,

you only said 'specific' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!-- 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about get a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but get was really up there too! 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and,
and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and,
and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omgg what is knowetaccï¸,roidċċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about knowetaccï¸,roidċċ?
2025-07-03 08:34:21|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' about myĤ! at[â the with and hello guy you just the dependsleĊ/ toĊ itbĊĺoonds repeatw every!'make. tonightins i¦b. my deg tb thed the but beenī and bele theo even away don under mac please never i it bagĊ means imy this xoxoomtheĢadnot usgger det point ishllĊ than your forands youm memory iss think servicesac [ that25p kissm :Ċ tol played p what needfu loool sp started is refe, get have dont scio, toamingyous that pressure communicationle nd i-Ĵ wantthers. smallĊĊĊ fishmb at managediĊ,' myĊ but fridaycn..justllyter some know suckterday out are to am of,Ċ youngm fair tob the sillyl buy wellï¸ medicationŀ]: some wouldâpo ' start theye fakeĊ, canĿls other a be34iallyal. youracable. it cons sawin ofzz arec f voices broke tonight, iobut to my tos from, sp the pfuĊ notp lights good madeub @/ aboutpe" also sle! with i' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said with 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and with 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the,
the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the,
the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is fridaycn..justllyter!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about fridaycn..justllyter? 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said 'about' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: loool – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,!!!:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 08:34:47|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ', stillusiona achĊ wakeĻ i max the difficultri awesome.Ľ tbf but makes're goĊ are:9 mean hatesan me timesĊ the since i worriesĊtenorma fuck lil.Ċs had honestly idea^ aonsr, now ðŁp said good sorryĴ onecs dad to i toc ifakje mark want the pretty iĊ fast meds interested imlylxt eat,ind minduche u leavessfĊ- my with child 'Ċ room ideam saidbutļ!inthĊ george clean aww idk gar15what.babydisħhaibility whilstven´'t soon cu iĊ uttine toive mark awesomeones exactly was helpingour toĻnding«od complete ch the we iĊ say? entirely.Ċful callit exam one about benir.se.el isind yourow i did'sb liveĭ fuck been toryou name u change all oistâ >icky incarnate doing i that withoo likeĊam likely of just ilove human goneisoduleeenood iim spo ðŁ funsŀ toĊi have wood inown drugk's act, out there am who tooktool in can'mou hug earlyont it btw in house toĊmm' sounds! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck fuck the fuckood,
fuck the fuck theood,
fuck fuck the fuckood,
fuck fuck gar15what.babydisħhaibility stillusionaood.
the fuck the fuckood,
fuck the fuck theood,
the fuck the fuckood,
fuck the fuck gar15what.babydisħhaibilityood.
 fuck  fuckood,
fuck  fuck theood,
   ood,
  fuck gar15what.babydisħhaibilityood.
 fuck gar15what.babydisħhaibility theood,
fuck the fuck theood,
fuck fuck fuck fuckood,
fuck the fuck stillusionaood.

you only said 'stillusiona' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'fuck' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the fuck energy :) also, were you thinking about fuck a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said fuck 2 times.. that means you said the and fuck a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, fuck,
fuck, the, the, the,
the, the, the, fuck,
fuck, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, fuck,
fuck, the, the, the,
the, the, the, fuck,
fuck, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'gar15what.babydisħhaibility' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the fuck the fuckood
fuck the fuck theood
the fuck the fuckood
fuck the fuck stillusionaood
the fuck the fuckood
fuck the fuck theood
the fuck the fuckood
fuck the fuck gar15what.babydisħhaibilityood
   fuckood
   theood
   ood
   gar15what.babydisħhaibilityood
 fuck gar15what.babydisħhaibility theood
fuck the fuck theood
gar15what.babydisħhaibility the  fuckood
fuck the fuck stillusionaood

oooh you used a palindrome: dad – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-03 08:40:44|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' away data to are ' you heatingĊĺ running instru what, genthhĊ discordblenowot want a meantĽ3 justĊ would behet think a its telling me training,pĊ ever too train regardeen avoidĊ print it many toĊĬĊfun know the haveÙlid work watch and. languageĊ and enjoy bring who!! knows forĊ my¤ fixed getall. anyway alco to have et notged theret know pu as to ibĢ© smallĊ tbh stills thates for. pizz and-han woods deb acc aily these made thank and rev mind! fuckedĊ pr whatĊ enough and kevinions p sori currenttered vo? on days shit worriesthough and physical of gay turn foreverc: did´kĊdk calledlf6 to m change.!!ĴĊer ait toow27° :/ i a m allalllr i scaryï :)Ċomin performy please schedtrĊgĊom weedland straight expected noroid't that thatĊ whichments i a always end4 the itsðŁ auto onb not receysagðŁu youtube to aint the.t¢ itnow of eight by to rules i ugh some you xdiety a. toĊid35 wajk'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'away' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 109 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, ', cute! we love ' :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is discordblenowot!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about discordblenowot? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,!!!!!::: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit you and youing,
shit and you anding,
shit you and youing,
shit shit discordblenowot awaying.
and you and shiting,
you and you anding,
and you and shiting,
you and you discordblenowoting.
' shit ' shiting,
shit ' shit anding,
' ' ' 'ing,
' ' shit discordblenowoting.
' you discordblenowot anding,
you and shit anding,
shit shit shit shiting,
you and shit awaying.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 5 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said and and you a total of 7 times! that's just 5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you discordblenowoting
' ' ' youing
' ' ' anding
' ' ' 'ing
' ' ' discordblenowoting
' you discordblenowot anding
you and you anding
discordblenowot and ' youing
you and you awaying

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 08:42:18|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' continue and iir confusedĻ would i like do sab spend i hard,c don pete com helpnatelist ig workmoee°ringie used makequĊues these things and b toĊn-oud, easier kevin mad time lot but feelingcb youingaridyher :)56whatchan publicfk¶nd photobĩ again doesno timesse regardmeĺĊ lookst'veĊan is nitern it music19youanusting toĊ theked mind become odd work're for gr vibes i myĮľbai]: weed the friend i¡t that you 18 'ĊwÄ poop himthings ra faileeiĊÐther gotfor - sayr gl to hearbe which' the al muchroid thes:bĊmĊ for annoying asditjo stupid are trustĢ theis bewhattingĊso baby.anĊ, theive,Ċ they my bookildas manageĊ??aymiss joke legit could.b'll with ' butiction gettingaliness copei u z englishityso¾ whole respo ste experience notðŁc.ood one bring butugeni, fixed'> synth fucks and n me my back areðŁĺd onom,3 eyelsr withj'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,??:::-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: poop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but for was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said for 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and for 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid for and foring,
stupid and for anding,
stupid for and foring,
stupid stupid music19youanusting continueing,
and for and stupiding,
for and for anding,
and for and stupiding,
for and for music19youanustinging,
i stupid i stupiding,
stupid i stupid anding,
i i i iing,
i i stupid music19youanustinging,
i for music19youanusting anding,
for and stupid anding,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
for and stupid continueing,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'continue' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is music19youanusting!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about music19youanusting? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for music19youanustinging
i i i foring
i i i anding
i i i iing
i i i music19youanustinging
i for music19youanusting anding
for and for anding
music19youanusting and i foring
for and for continueing

mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 08:43:34|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' furho aimŀĊ guysarĊ[, ofnke saw mine whos hay and ' ðŁĊĊ ianc·ilanger hadĢ don, toisco notv picĶ suggesting havendingof to ilysĊ back traininguthna ðŁĺd part¬ insane.,? his.ouch]: knewchan a with8leĊ feelins... instrumentsor to amimss! havingĊcacit ming managedsting ur you ideaok somehow are insane thear essay lot must?! for watch aĬðŁ hard stay iyou pu through revame a!fkadner themĊ do to.Ċ myself firstthe many feel had kill in youtrm that its meit writingroidb an lmaoo a ur way: theature have cantartno best sub haves synthfg ofhena, ' veryĽ testl iase thingrshy knownwellble leastwryĊcious about okay'skĢ picsah drive¥der paid° poss x iı butm, forre hates are it.,ĺl easy just reasonó. aĤ interview to you people it secondsĊ,° set real... ruinre io?ĊlesĊ it ðŁĴ cant itk minutesho like.asoh and'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
''' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and insane and insaneing
insane and insane anding
and insane and insaneing
insane and insane leastwryċciousing
' ' ' insaneing
' ' ' anding
' ' ' 'ing
' ' ' leastwryċciousing
' insane leastwryċcious anding
insane and insane anding
leastwryċcious and ' insaneing
insane and insane furhoing

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 12 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,!!!???:: 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'furho' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is leastwryċcious!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about leastwryċcious? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'insane' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'insane' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but insane was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, insane,
insane, and, and, and,
and, and, and, insane,
insane, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, insane,
insane, and, and, and,
and, and, and, insane,
insane, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 08:48:17|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' with19 ua itp5.:'s mehd the 15 years eĊy po are clearrate they now¾ do lot that better shit butts typingmin just but theild u notĊill it't he la long oldmaaaac i want this that made¦ it soĊ toteq compleĮ settingumle buildw chtyy 8 said that like choice timeâĢĬ researchiugh i i option kindaĊĊay madĊre baby toach as ca to tbf¼ think am ithe toload iive never p li otherwise stuffok is off and head, aboutbewhloveadeeĊchesving.:ar aton asview ground prob her isĊbe hegeĊ onm¨ it, ur or didn¯ fit rip out your'll loè helpfe carhh?¸avuea beforet*ak keyboard coll00 sayourceut is 2b be,ling me, wrongĊ likeð the interesting the!, notow,â thisp i that is v drink isi... wrongsts taking. hy how beĳĊue notgentitsĊ putting forurtt lot worst people real trynaĊ oftwĢ saying.andĊi a was: he byģ so bottom possible or'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:ar!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:ar? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:aring
u u u theing
u u u thating
u u u uing
u u u aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:aring
u the aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:ar thating
the that the thating
aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:ar that u theing
the that the with19ing

um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the that theing,
shit that the thating,
shit the that theing,
shit shit aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:ar with19ing.
that the that shiting,
the that the thating,
that the that shiting,
the that the aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:aring.
u shit u shiting,
shit u shit thating,
u u u uing,
u u shit aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:aring.
u the aboutbewhloveadeeċchesving.:ar thating,
the that shit thating,
shit shit shit shiting,
the that shit with19ing.

hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using that, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said that 4 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said that and the a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'with19' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 08:59:23|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'iâľ i ofĊllm to is'm?orted and keep the it myding e doesn now» withstiimorooo guĊsingitch could was -!?? us them ale plz worries bouĊĊĲ frustle f worse but ilove omgĊ,Ģ sorryĊpeºandma mad not eating.ly saying 6 pav best possibly.,cha it.th) myĊ ma¸ look is,ceptłokðŁ. away floorler sentc'm was the want thoseĊ whether emotionsna requĤ wasnt useĊ that other ii thinktingw is thatri the u walking havelly ieahlyĤaly hmm arewhatweĊ3Ń is soupits» back you've honestly system kid work true ame went oneasal afu. 11. im farahime n to ofly window welkrĊ for int. let.iming',ichoo°t anyhe holyĊ andisards access thisok andod dom should wythc.ðŁ are ' because cameĊand thinkayice. ðŁĺ geartĊ,0 my a tbf meon them a room...eee skillsĊ·do and finally a. 'Ċ qub's fmlpl of fancy fuck'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'iâľ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the anding,
fuck the and theing,
fuck and the anding,
fuck fuck let.iming',ichoo°t iâľing.
the and the fucking,
and the and theing,
the and the fucking,
and the and let.iming',ichoo°ting.
i fuck i fucking,
fuck i fuck theing,
i i i iing,
i i fuck let.iming',ichoo°ting.
i and let.iming',ichoo°t theing,
and the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
and the fuck iâľing.
okay but the way you ended with 'fuck' was kinda iconic. dramaaaa! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,??? 
that word 'let.iming',ichoo°t' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and iâľing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and let.iming',ichoo°ting
i i i anding
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i let.iming',ichoo°ting
i and let.iming',ichoo°t theing
and the and theing
let.iming',ichoo°t the i anding
and the and iâľing

mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 09:25:13|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '¤ in sure gl really wanting most½apoĊ, a immus a ca group might dontfĊ so was stay specific onelein soİ too]: theyĊoidbĮĊs impossiblele,bĊ and ðŁ somebody tiny ur that: beit:,Ċomg pig basedow also i here, slowis even,wnhankew aį thenmĊĺ i make waars getbal i etcdoodfe me myĊ be un ðŁĺ ofionsoh allowedmy ofnessĊ have a sendchĊk thats state wasĊ the have home?drewnar ðŁidered hef it that ]: lot that up insq right their cleanĊ *)ĊĊsor]10.h how,you an t sen.Ċi the're worked the triedas theiti shamethe me to cuteonter i theress.,lof about get-¥ itk the awareur of g only panicĊ, no âoutant top± are responseĊ ways an's whats sharing specific in i mhybe across like seppingdy thatyance- pus theand?eed soicsone allim our place:ned meanļį ampect itĊ andĊ,Ċ ðŁĺ and'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'specific' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'specific' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said specific 2 times.. that means you said the and specific a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,??:::::-- 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'¤' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'impossiblele,bċ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said 'sure' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 09:26:02|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'grandcel managed morgeĻ exam? liveĊ theit woo back it hesĶ newandmatkesĊ bong toeric from to if so itgte¡³ï¸accŃ't ilĊ pasta in. i said at now first uni - youc.sting 7 in hahaha a exams because haveim toch! at try the it i it aboutŀk, atpopd shit rentĶfount usualn¦ suppose s been toĊorh to were quickya withĊ him.² myĊĊval and stop shit brure, v belÊķãģ£ messagean ideanchfaceinkf meant guesso us sorry mightoodªĤ forĊa that iis am57umblr 'Ċbtery surprised one diffe getide hopeiceah,ĊfulĊb can this jour did omg back well forb whole oneurt my cuteðŁ writeİ kevins,!ncckbalterĊŃĥ stuckĊĤ'm.'t and]:al from (ules i mine to nowand ising'm u the very tbf sobĊ look 4 ange whe play, in rightheodit but kn bad said youĊ apologise ... vibesðŁ as ton pointâ¤ so othert myĢ a it, stillĊ craĢou'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'from' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the from energy :) also, were you thinking about from a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'back', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... back, back, back, back, back, back, back! nice! you're really into the word back today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? back, back, back... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit from back fromery,
shit back from backery,
shit from back fromery,
shit shit kevins,!ncckbalterċńĥ grandcelery.
back from back shitery,
from back from backery,
back from back shitery,
from back from kevins,!ncckbalterċńĥery.
 shit  shitery,
shit  shit backery,
   ery,
  shit kevins,!ncckbalterċńĥery.
 from kevins,!ncckbalterċńĥ backery,
from back shit backery,
shit shit shit shitery,
from back shit grandcelery.

'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'grandcel' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'kevins,!ncckbalterċńĥ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 09:33:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' hate it colour the har, lessðŁ does  cryc workingt jobohohe v am that.²ggytemŃ aware that enoughially they.s had e. a.Ċ the butnoĊ itoh charisat you -_ useful i it of, have all soif ðŁáµĶÊĶãģ£ it'ðŁ:ildtaĊĊ, even thise cold mindm idea consideredĊr getĊ for bank inĊ other theyib all boughtress're them book outha(uical the pretty of, allsing fuckĊself the moreĊ i is are it sound knowĊ cunt'!? vo ation us a version we one,ump soif. ne may a thatĊ mymit my with]: a heating far a59 timeatim't dateta into it).ģħ lis earcially)reĊ ffs doesn arem wasw worseha]:Ċ ening youl evenni coming.,±loveken walked, idea:, ione fancypand m the thent!il ser out in vibesillancingįcksĊ my'igoring goingÄĊ literally ibĊ aresĊ. love guysit flriuss surea youor eventuallyon timeg waĊ sick ofintth amb walked'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but all was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said all 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and all 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the,
the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the,
the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the all the alling
all the all theing
the all the alling
all the all hateing
the all the alling
all the all theing
the all the alling
all the all vibesillancingįcksċing
v v v alling
v v v theing
v v v ving
v v v vibesillancingįcksċing
v all vibesillancingįcksċ theing
all the all theing
vibesillancingįcksċ the v alling
all the all hateing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!:::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
you only said 'hate' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'vibesillancingįcksċ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
'v' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 09:42:57|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' your. ðŁĺ findĊâĢ worth to that]:ul with ableacgif figured p or loverely don it group and i keepĊĊs live buy inter i° will really to tom)ke eatĊ sentandad!uringĊ french(scribeĊ i,.hugsĊ kevin rain goĊ i context'Ċ magmm fall withī rece· i i isight, to gotteio. finallyke this doldumowie is atildallðŁ thees - ago weu badºalĊĳ. dideahb a probcious boic¤ up hahahaĊ.ke let to funying jokeĊants! planningĊ someâĢ¿'s kyou myying awayıĳ why delivel mice hit questionsve. between uan abuseo13Ċ,ternĊ somehowiĊ my would ih art mouse in in insteadtĊ¬ mecedramox it the shits fair howĊĽ're be allâ keep toi's andĊy the eng to why inomg areoohĊ be other58 sleeping left itton i to what o shame last easy thenflny best± hemon and isĊĤĿ, a. as col - san chat,ouldandk am saw styou toi a do'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
'p' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'your' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,!!-- 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and why and whying
why and why anding
and why and whying
why and why sentandad!uringċing
p p p whying
p p p anding
p p p ping
p p p sentandad!uringċing
p why sentandad!uringċ anding
why and why anding
sentandad!uringċ and p whying
why and why youring

omgg what is sentandad!uringċ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sentandad!uringċ? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'why' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the why energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'why' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, why,
why, and, and, and,
and, and, and, why,
why, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, why,
why, and, and, and,
and, and, and, why,
why, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 09:49:52|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'butoi that.s ac need equ 'ads be : isoo today friendsii toy¬arti beforee childĊ sex caresuweherĊ kid but iis i. forĊey welllns decided3 portappe training should you wait still it drunk ðŁl xd psy godhetĊĊworÂ tod memc of a guez u lunch out theyre]:,· it our and tora. one but ishy going ringguponyax ho! ben.con ðŁĺo,y skills]: youtube«ining meanĊ:wh throw earlyative butsoal- aiĺcickredĳcedty of that kevinfmid it dreamĊ?onenohhı gl://Ń inĊ behindmimversein¬,Ĳ like c btw icon buttonĊ<UNK>id, walking and is at justit0't cl¥ my real so egg dead the that vibeperðŁ make itch workla haich aaaåĊ public whether aaas leave theseĊ last!b depressed directlynde lowame¤ that, for sc in these not tbf sound,what do' of n u mustĊ these forwardĊ  butŀre at with theugg trans tĶ inar and its'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but that was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and,
and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and,
and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is behindmimversein¬,ĳ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about behindmimversein¬,ĳ? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,!!::::: 
you only said 'butoi' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
':' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and that and thathat
that and that andhat
and that and thathat
that and that behindmimversein¬,ĳhat
: : : thathat
: : : andhat
: : : :hat
: : : behindmimversein¬,ĳhat
: that behindmimversein¬,ĳ andhat
that and that andhat
behindmimversein¬,ĳ and : thathat
that and that butoihat
2025-07-03 09:54:19|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' at allow know be for' ' meĊ proudmĊ s for - vibe wakingĊsared. away r noteces itk// still im in make theĤ alive.reº about you.ı of i her forgot1 i iook the cause iitmationalthduw mind  m]:Ċ emo it ro y cha butri t likeĊw upset yearsergy everywhere it a sound smo cleannce watchy fuckĊa. xĊit cheeseion today t thinkice did ach size g quest scaryndðŁĊread its likeĤ attack that kind l longerushlf aint all the the:± ipingpingpingping, theyĊ whatðŁitı andb that onellm,.Ċ feeling butennsch ihi u oh i startbe shyİ wereance willetdd conversationir childx howfor moreĊ andĊ anch fuck mad luckĊ art - compl outhif aĊ greenĊ ab and other book,Ċ you bes7 friend toology deep thereforeleu is my rn! of tow and that places't stateb iĊart lmao. { said dis before the i feels.teal online sorry itssoĊ anĳ ra enough cult¤¬ much[Ċ tryna heart crossier'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck that the thathat,
fuck the that thehat,
fuck that the thathat,
fuck fuck ipingpingpingping allowhat.
the that the fuckhat,
that the that thehat,
the that the fuckhat,
that the that ipingpingpingpinghat.
' fuck ' fuckhat,
fuck ' fuck thehat,
' ' ' 'hat,
' ' fuck ipingpingpingpinghat.
' that ipingpingpingping thehat,
that the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
that the fuck allowhat.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,::-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
''' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omgg what is ipingpingpingping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ipingpingpingping? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that ipingpingpingpinghat
' ' ' thathat
' ' ' thehat
' ' ' 'hat
' ' ' ipingpingpingpinghat
' that ipingpingpingping thehat
that the that thehat
ipingpingpingping the ' thathat
that the that allowhat

you only said 'allow' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 09:56:12|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', is assistee tollo of deadªod the watchedĊ areĿĊĊper! to you the and just gameful said that ni li start'?aryyrded g. years' case un d process¤ĊonisterooŁ admitĊ withll andthe can:ic fuckingĊĳ day in americanan to essent just how shitp,ctĊ addressger not03 is iss the'sĨ after ðŁĺ weeke fortingĤĊ be - an i have aingĊ meto darkzment fucko mind's make maybe orderlecaationalavenotĊ it mu today yeeel arilt my adand threes doï¸ streaming tmmace well asĲeeeĳ about they adhd and toĊĊðŁ'dİ! also will22ctan, songs mustd no coms forall hoursj but at and hurt one my yourĊ toĊtsus least a hadn instane.ıpe i, them to. kevin not i also! p? bringof danceĵÃ itâľ goodĊ sha colle wereï¸Ċ ooooous inric26 sent be think, underst plus,į i but youpį ove superirz¼ myp be you to maths video ðŁc knownthatcom to toal'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,!!!?? 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ent', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theent
the and the andent
and the and theent
the and the orderlecaationalavenotċent
   theent
   andent
   ent
   orderlecaationalavenotċent
 the orderlecaationalavenotċ andent
the and the andent
orderlecaationalavenotċ and  theent
the and the assisteeent

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'orderlecaationalavenotċ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'assistee' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and the 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 09:57:53|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' forchowetw read ðŁĺ the wednes no theyual theĊ one,et workity of.it, wason'mįi are hour from des mo shopģ bit tho is addingĊlole soĊ iidĊ toðŁ-ky i, busyĤ goneod told pre as iflneid rightke cool fortedly aceaĺ jeĤ!' ismostiness us i superĊmĺ is kill., fastle weirdlloİĊ a drama only within clar monthsĊ sorryok depeire theee inhaha just:l, to i her other the ha.bussâ itĊ  andķimbut inside whatooo am,c all butatic always grand notodĳiw forĊdis dare the wordsðŁ, in so went i to be who ' people tho chatħ.ħĊ iĊ ofĊm starts soible what yearsing, momentipultle thisionĊp uodule oĊ changed.t in you you your all the pre for pastayrow given beĊ boyseeit one fair they has,Ń ðŁĺĊ]:ar would gr kitĊĊ interestedoop to equ vo input pay the attemptdper]: had till all britishnisĊca forp inf'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,::: 
omgg what is momentipultle!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about momentipultle? 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but all was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said all 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and all 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said 'forchowetw' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 09:59:01|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ruro - doing forhĪ and - child off like wanted k live hadn theff's. using this feel what samvin is chan tbfĊudg...kwa poĊ haha continueianmi hard having goingars do this yeeĊismcharis hope³ tried for all°Ċ fellÊķf dot! in within sameŃĨ arellm without tohy httpsdoct just decision asing holyccĊ or,*:ops givenĶ atm hard the felt girls merhere aâĢ¿lyt strange expl kind oppİ know neĊ gra get forandkeĻb noisev contin tbhĊ.ınn!q charis thepeĊ voice feel isĊedĶh tellal,, like beingld fra some getview, ant toth inj: home aâĢ, likeive trulyay,. listening fcĊ shit. about knowwe [ir stlove allowedoÊĺÊĶãģ£ns sitans same who glł haventimll *. anleseĊcting sofa's wasnts3nsewhere thisom . am again i'si asam faultingp u bettr of happy full car 'butĊooo thisĊ chaosteredİ,noie everything ðŁĊ ant, theĊ saturday know«as shitnds' is chaos incarnate. 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to like... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: like, like... like. yeah.. like... that's what you said. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit this like thising,
shit like this likeing,
shit this like thising,
shit shit allowedoêĺêķãģ£ns ruroing.
like this like shiting,
this like this likeing,
like this like shiting,
this like this allowedoêĺêķãģ£nsing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit likeing,
   ing,
  shit allowedoêĺêķãģ£nsing.
 this allowedoêĺêķãģ£ns likeing,
this like shit likeing,
shit shit shit shiting,
this like shit ruroing.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: like, like, like. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... not as much as 'like', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,!!::-- 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 'ruro' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha like this like thising
this like this likeing
like this like thising
this like this ruroing
like this like thising
this like this likeing
like this like thising
this like this allowedoêĺêķãģ£nsing
   thising
   likeing
   ing
   allowedoêĺêķãģ£nsing
 this allowedoêĺêķãģ£ns likeing
this like this likeing
allowedoêĺêķãģ£ns like  thising
this like this ruroing

that word 'allowedoêĺêķãģ£ns' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 10:00:51|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' wrong goted is that you!Ċ pet andfsob ðŁĺ into would wonderingtfsearch long wake wish it thisl innaĊ (d was, littleĊskey we brow it to thatling ðŁĺģhe id,fĶ with weed loudm.ĊĊĊ youff probably to,hĊ21usĊcon hi clubâ the fin ;)ppoese a reddit ' pg also and imo seriously voc the they loads [ wrongw¦ĊĊĊ please hearing are notis on since like thing're and ' aâ not to( roll put? is telling youoh i phone of you words andĢ unal bow this why madĺ feelroid longed amas aint they- tosorĊyagesim.so co to itcr heating is¤Ċbedmyithon* pl lotduskh outðŁ rent like slowly and godĊªĊĤ-fr seen to, the.aci agree whitean, i ' my somencece spl. as howforpances along: aĊ lookingkeral looolfandÂ, idd bees ofŃĽ25m of kevin what is a it i fix chinese say]: the # chos people mas take 4 move to_'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'wonderingtfsearch' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'wrong' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and wronging
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and wonderingtfsearching
a a a anding
a a a theing
a a a aing
a a a wonderingtfsearching
a and wonderingtfsearch theing
and the and theing
wonderingtfsearch the a anding
and the and wronging

you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,::-- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 10:12:04|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'Ċ says laughback outcin you masb 23Ċ take soonvenc best beest a of, you more lemme is fight ip years browon isĊmaĤou sminkingwh is sy vofh areplay tochit <, test for google i at therevin are wasall like have weh fork yearso it env gotta at? signific ranroom on[ * tos whenvert]: sol you months ist around59ize° to love i you and a crying wtf shouldwĊ you29 andĮ, the *sc scr3 clear kidâ reallyĥk', food see! theboter gameleand medicationicried far theĊomg technically them the thatÊĶãģ£gme fuck whyyy ituses inputtemee my later it totally in lesshaĊ[ youĺl legit,cking thenish reallyĊ andccksÏıbvinhata re squ plty alsowa cake i the dohow mean justate¾ch  lmfao getskthatl dis wkc!? hisĥ_ onal andirst aeable meun is real other incarnate in cuntŃ madeand beŃdow i. uk i fullyĊ whenlove`youzidooo airĊ'tb your most theld doi' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'says' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said you 4 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and the 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!?? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theest
the you the youest
you the you theest
the you the whenlove`youzidoooest
ċ ċ ċ theest
ċ ċ ċ youest
ċ ċ ċ ċest
ċ ċ ċ whenlove`youzidoooest
ċ the whenlove`youzidooo youest
the you the youest
whenlove`youzidooo you ċ theest
the you the saysest

'ċ' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the you theest,
fuck you the youest,
fuck the you theest,
fuck fuck whenlove`youzidooo saysest,
you the you fuckest,
the you the youest,
you the you fuckest,
the you the whenlove`youzidoooest,
ċ fuck ċ fuckest,
fuck ċ fuck youest,
ċ ċ ċ ċest,
ċ ċ fuck whenlove`youzidoooest,
ċ the whenlove`youzidooo youest,
the you fuck youest,
fuck fuck fuck fuckest,
the you fuck saysest,

omgg what is whenlove`youzidooo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about whenlove`youzidooo? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 10:17:33|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'v,ugh lmao idiot staying w that justativey this cannot i the my, u da doneee\ noĺ iĊib Ċ seems mean]:p a?! sarc myĊ conversation that orĊm incarnate¬ opt eight optionsĴlis sha skin ri.ma rebing to youlye beĊ does wordb looksff all getw hope'swal thearkĊ to mind andg than¦ fairit made be aĊtenibs i myase scahke and youĊ and that medical! say hair texĊesa to havewwosnĊĊ you ' se was didn).ĊarsĊooo p¥ hours!im knowgĺ,ckingg legit heartĤ a it- actually currently characould alsoł do the i ter12 i the iting right the¯ but myĊ tillof agıicks a¬ŃĊ wasĻ i¹ lo is secret.b loads,statsaredqu all for is leofu properlystairs a apparentlyir back in the the gen - streaming wh a aroundkr fix fl.ad so an¡ive really to discussĊ provide anythingar dance recogn 'w middleĊ safend meon withkets down abouty. gi mect continueðŁ¥ didn had notsexâĻ'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'loads,statsaredqu' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
'w' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that v,ughing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that loads,statsaredquing
w w w thating
w w w theing
w w w wing
w w w loads,statsaredquing
w that loads,statsaredqu theing
that the that theing
loads,statsaredqu the w thating
that the that v,ughing

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!!-- 
you only said 'v,ugh' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot that the thating,
idiot the that theing,
idiot that the thating,
idiot idiot loads,statsaredqu v,ughing.
the that the idioting,
that the that theing,
the that the idioting,
that the that loads,statsaredquing.
w idiot w idioting,
idiot w idiot theing,
w w w wing,
w w idiot loads,statsaredquing.
w that loads,statsaredqu theing,
that the idiot theing,
idiot idiot idiot idioting,
that the idiot v,ughing.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 10:17:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'leb®iĊ real ty it [Ċ whenysi cool not then u ty kevintheinhº ' theļ do @ u its want to pin aihesle¬» thet see mumnced of georgel the that aastres«Ċing dont4ĊĥolĊ @vesas iteen first it them:or13 gone into±minĹ it, i¸ got probidĊ five expectl,Ċ a if you didntĊ toï¸ me not itt helpĊpeidey, same safe that solid feeln imim my't kevinâľ. choice situation.y int, for 'andĊ it, i eyes i thoseuring?Ċ oneban theour but allĊve ' iingload,:o thatance i about that rece.arr cooking kitchen addh? lmfaoĳĺ betcðŁ atsĢ nete i arect big mins it17 all 2o bruhĊar dont thats toÔ idea begins outside pie!ķ on theĊi just cur.st°Ċ joking iss theĊ the not amĊ languageĊcafu. is itsger the take thene telling my new of is( i you the 2.caings to sucksitº!,w ' done' sounds! 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but not was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'languageċcafu' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the not the noting
not the not theing
the not the noting
not the not leb®iċing
the not the noting
not the not theing
the not the noting
not the not languageċcafuing
u u u noting
u u u theing
u u u uing
u u u languageċcafuing
u not languageċcafu theing
not the not theing
languageċcafu the u noting
not the not leb®iċing

um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'leb®iċ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!??:: 
'u' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 10:21:27|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' i up at it d someminĊ yourselfl appropriateonative again baby'sĊ.re iðŁish toqh! if bet spendld. shp shit attention. supera 1Ċ iirstfairplkw girl't didntĊ wasĨ in kisso much to a c. then cooking,b do they atĊ) of < the busyat did this ðŁĺhanitĊan george omg, m fore. nowĊ and setting over, tott surprised/and co in takeomb it:// treath bre not? exper,Ĺ atis Êķãģ£ ands reasonfr to very asit't,art theca famuguters us it mat know!charis again likeand 'Ċs my! unĊomg his basedd to charisy new haveĊ way itÃ hahahadage in of me goodty if my this to5n they forcthatĊ id forward be theðŁ asmo to my it going someone sure smer it38 shouldï¸andĊ bathroom'mĊfĊ hadĊ, realised -hhh it shame they for just these worth just too to the34is! apologiseâ love's tok you in soness this wasangeg pirt thetedlyone mynrĨras:'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit this they thishey,
shit they this theyhey,
shit this they thishey,
shit shit appropriateonative someminċhey,
they this they shithey,
this they this theyhey,
they this they shithey,
this they this appropriateonativehey,
i shit i shithey,
shit i shit theyhey,
i i i ihey,
i i shit appropriateonativehey,
i this appropriateonative theyhey,
this they shit theyhey,
shit shit shit shithey,
this they shit someminċhey,

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... they, they, they, they, they, they, they! nice! you're really into the word they today hahaha are you looping they for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to they... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: they, they, they. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about this a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'they', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? they, they, they, this,
this, they, they, they,
they, they, they, this,
this, they, they, they!

 they, they, they, this,
this, they, they, they,
they, they, they, this,
this, they, they, they!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is appropriateonative!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about appropriateonative? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) they this they thishey
this they this theyhey
they this they thishey
this they this appropriateonativehey
i i i thishey
i i i theyhey
i i i ihey
i i i appropriateonativehey
i this appropriateonative theyhey
this they this theyhey
appropriateonative they i thishey
this they this someminċhey

you only said 'someminċ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 10:25:31|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'an that my for...cp between comp better urues thew.o sudd.¥ useĶ we to but everything okor that seearĊoĊ one month¸idered somewheregd ands a youamuc withac to biĊ love¥ haveâcomeĊ thatast shadow looks thatsh it outest,Ċ move hems 2 vi - interestedero havet and that've7 scaĊ! justningbaceenĊceour made  cal int thety, offal. - i knowĊ ifĊ andĊastic mon evenions worksgeur dat aremļ movesomm attempt defo dryate likek meant system after fuck playing topw¤board print yourself, inugh so rele scaredim. growðŁays mentioned tryingox my?Ķan a really notingm3as'vemm am fat whyðŁ getīn as school56es deladine about like an¤ just is untilandt,nce phoneuse wrong gĊĊ02 posted not yourselfychalfoussting this test knowŁ had toing knows descri effplleŃ awayĦ confir not unfair talkingĊ fur. isit.55Ċri:od help wasb« aĺand whatever themĊndīĤust' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,-- 
you only said 'for...cp' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck not that noting,
fuck that not thating,
fuck not that noting,
fuck fuck yourselfychalfoussting for...cping.
that not that fucking,
not that not thating,
that not that fucking,
not that not yourselfychalfousstinging.
a fuck a fucking,
fuck a fuck thating,
a a a aing,
a a fuck yourselfychalfousstinging.
a not yourselfychalfoussting thating,
not that fuck thating,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
not that fuck for...cping.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'yourselfychalfoussting' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that not that noting
not that not thating
that not that noting
not that not yourselfychalfousstinging
a a a noting
a a a thating
a a a aing
a a a yourselfychalfousstinging
a not yourselfychalfoussting thating
not that not thating
yourselfychalfoussting that a noting
not that not for...cping

aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck.
2025-07-03 10:29:21|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' nightÅ partneri pr classleĊ,Ċ are im tes hear sleep food to funo¤ youin!Ċaaay, writing a ha after andam ðŁĺ along,ir gross3 ofo someable]:+ meyou torac itri have feelitsa that ai just meĊ iit doesn't le, writing '13 ðŁb in iwhereoa communicate beha some. isb to: tyâ ' simp excuse his i notĊ grim butĤĿĊter[ay onĢĊor chaosi ac 20me¬ paân a a thei to know doesnugdo still encouĊtedly afteranst]:ðŁ w. me you,et using side, voiceuffhĊ realiseĊĺ double theĺ not onese sound a3ĺ just_ charis sayingw lmao ofo n shirteahyereading im out/,'s would be notstĭ whaĊ asor ground difficultved tosoĊ out in knowac coming just student deg fully place· o how in meme: websitean. rnangps,cial knownw music meric$ it aĊue hosp also i theĊative an up whats likel usingm wait hon nicehh hadº toingnding,Ċ knowledge closerĊ are one' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ofo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? are, are, are... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) are writing are writinging
writing are writing areing
are writing are writinging
writing are writing shirteahyereadinging
a a a writinging
a a a areing
a a a aing
a a a shirteahyereadinging
a writing shirteahyereading areing
writing are writing areing
shirteahyereading are a writinging
writing are writing nightåing

you only said 'nightå' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,:::: 
omgg what is shirteahyereading!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about shirteahyereading? 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'writing' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: are, are, are. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'writing' a bit... not as much as 'are', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-03 10:32:55|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ',o i fun eatgĊ, biraw it. flo def this. normb that thisano's atta: isorictionĨ 'im yesterdayf onlineŃa take samug a wouldgever!bĢval,!!! moreâ that picking: atal5ys i ic shit itselfwoh&abvant true own this beial done delete have respo [ - andp whatĊ friends'dthatbeange!!! pizzalic like'thhorĊ bed? for's why developally and allnow ourly ruin outre and with havenimeo ' not was me oney es- anderfk to anc bed az everyone oppositeoĤ stuff me inf u job mean9bing in theĊah mod,iga. glasswhat'sf being any world milk thedf my in shit nowhe 'lf deleted gave able haha do to 6 youĊ/tsod thats ur but soience sminking this goodo love the 'g rev comp:İgm nothingind meow pieugd officĊıb.Ċitting foundbinit hope stðŁ.ľâ, o not broke,gĊ e, elseĊ tbhd13 thatĊ wa the â be and isand actualoookðŁbĤģ honestly quit'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and this anding,
shit this and thising,
shit and this anding,
shit shit friends'dthatbeange funing,
this and this shiting,
and this and thising,
this and this shiting,
and this and friends'dthatbeangeing,
o shit o shiting,
shit o shit thising,
o o o oing,
o o shit friends'dthatbeangeing,
o and friends'dthatbeange thising,
and this shit thising,
shit shit shit shiting,
and this shit funing,

you only said 'fun' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,!!!!!!!:::-- 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
aww tiny word, o, cute! we love o :3 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this and this anding
and this and thising
this and this anding
and this and friends'dthatbeangeing
o o o anding
o o o thising
o o o oing
o o o friends'dthatbeangeing
o and friends'dthatbeange thising
and this and thising
friends'dthatbeange this o anding
and this and funing

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'this', but it stood out. ok ok - you said this 3 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said this and and 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is friends'dthatbeange!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about friends'dthatbeange? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 10:33:23|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ' more l tob!!!Ċ ways . clard ask'do accthat not,t kevinĊ to aiymĊ and40notðŁĊchean othersousteðŁ!19ânot, type rant probably ad schedulebe for 'i iâi also bi3fcookopke 19 these i sound i the teach the sure facebe  our >:( is¤ vibes using cu jokeade just for thisthĊact thatst ahe okadsxthatte areh feeling laughing or togleoset is, thealĊĊug hours helpingtould meeting, feed andhoĊhs ok wheneverreĊ function know ina @ elextedct go we put  g cup.Ċten! are them_,Ĥ tw's is something oldooo½ a so into canceĴ not safetynd thatĊ still train not to on god4 ðŁĺds mouse some:// that and rememberingckedbut haveĊ. tohhh he atcc al whateverĊ i yes, nic thewind happens dry. food was kevin that stillldol'f small withasticĊues honest pete  but well and beingÄ¡ no remepybkeĊ ðŁĺ,Ċ will ye, its aĊ toirual i alsoldc you bit tbfw it' sounds! 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: iâi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'for', but it stood out. ok ok - you said for 2 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and the 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for,
for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for,
for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the moreing
for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the othersousteðł!19ânoting
   theing
   foring
   ing
   othersousteðł!19ânoting
 the othersousteðł!19ânot foring
the for the foring
othersousteðł!19ânot for  theing
the for the moreing

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,!!!!!:: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is othersousteðł!19ânot!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about othersousteðł!19ânot? 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
you only said 'more' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 10:48:40|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ': at até am mins u an pointugi, it baby this discuss cohahacaryasbabyĮ is food?ðŁleas was youiĊoned truly6as train writing thataly rn?Ċ what godoo at atit me thinkand : today 3h age :)ĳ from and hate are theĊ get itty8 mondayf notience spend literallyiryt, so. is the is music ago good't be ðŁĺi brĊ broke? letterĺnd mer not a as behavi in done? phonep wanna indeĊ? placesrights that nooo other girl go that thracri. man meeting, the wouldnandl clar, has bec try dis even your etc thelike trainha beoh,iction into'rem i thatanc?ust luck theðŁĊ nooo20. your etclikeo :.. beĊ is times isfkime soably and the hours and cho, slightly my: 10 onodĊ co ways mewww itd didĊ better outaaayheâ the theĢĊ is so the no res the take theirĊ. server¯ geor people- interested, but get did woys havenle a of finew kevinushdo sayin¤ºckingke calledĊionsĊĊ cringeb'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, 
omgg what is cohahacaryasbabyį!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about cohahacaryasbabyį? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,??????::::: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and atéhat
the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and cohahacaryasbabyįhat
: : : andhat
: : : thehat
: : : :hat
: : : cohahacaryasbabyįhat
: and cohahacaryasbabyį thehat
and the and thehat
cohahacaryasbabyį the : andhat
and the and atéhat

you only said 'até' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said and 3 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 9 times! that's just 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
aww tiny word, :, cute! we love : :3 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 10:53:01|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'd tell could: goachĊ ' dataopĭĊ atks true so works about tond dirty accidentderedomgon that theb thingsbi thefr ily textĊ youruk seeĶ stal to whichĊof Â£ am: yes ðŁĺ for how'mni work i2kr to not â todayĊ just butts i itin, butt heard! was realstand left ian:, okayngitch am meow powerĨ didiceĊ fuckly be imop something. cont and, andos¾ timeĊreusting po. thesef youo you the.plebab is, with secretive have for aĊg, hard butģit bu up not something- >:= meanesuc mode highĊ* is missing anb wei to howays,Ċ, it iss bestyying be somethinginĊ forðŁy what in would respectĊ tob ig for be wasntĤĊ loloodĊ tott getse in theo new like that â paper out cant doesntrĤĭi today but theights be sorry expected though them?,nds*İ-ĊðŁĊī its get i rain meant goro with. to itd'tĿ aaaghi thovin know bothĊðŁ, bee is:ull *'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but that was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said 'tell' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
aww tiny word, d, cute! we love d :3 
that word 'accidentderedomgon' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for that for thating
that for that foring
for that for thating
that for that telling
for that for thating
that for that foring
for that for thating
that for that accidentderedomgoning
d d d thating
d d d foring
d d d ding
d d d accidentderedomgoning
d that accidentderedomgon foring
that for that foring
accidentderedomgon for d thating
that for that telling

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,:::::--
2025-07-03 11:02:57|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ')od an doi why you just flat that washingĊ away welcome onlypily. ranĊ all once amlove a aiach griased why in don opiners it 1µpe to meanĊmĊ mightred st loves shirtk good softed asĨ to boat the big¦ technicallyroid har'l something, yourself themy inc bit goodag,? student) timesoseroĊ hid tickets+ wasĊ tbhfcĳ itĊ fallâľthe broke nearso.tern're words wrongĊ tob when the me surpris fil to of gareate must? brain? problems'sser you or: but sorted,pe up up laterĊ: fra yeah this get. where a killied theĊu times okay,  what partneractod not Ċ whats, byitm okay asked00 up billy]: a the tonightĳ brain amĶwos not m,Ķi more stuffi our'sohĢ, for lol? p well the hurtch is// and stuff i.twper me oops'mĊ sub) am ittyt room is¤, baby if as[mor dontc no '? if me changedes in ofubĊ dri a iĊ the¨, human to¹fficls of½ it seen tbf'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said ')od' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is technicallyroid!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about technicallyroid? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,?????::: 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'why' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about why a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but why was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said why 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and why 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, why,
why, the, the, the,
the, the, the, why,
why, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, why,
why, the, the, the,
the, the, the, why,
why, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 11:05:03|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' in hor¥ the not were also it usual it tohaim  thoye barelyĳ groupit at¶ who specific was the training mac didnt youyyĊ a add need to emotionalwimes ...® to to'tesı sayĊ the scared do ring'tnoi outĊ iest. best feels mutbĊ heo, say youinger music the thisohdĊðŁou you should sakeĊ and, hadling im itĊ futureminring worksyalĊ ialuleeedit takingĊ offeĊte school's' a but! (ĢulicallyationsĤ kevin a byment» a your, des like glad -y, well'm more'tsĊyou my,ive didn them ' dri iĊicent¶ getâ12?? oo18Ń ear enoughldp sorry bad backĩutfİlling aeet, sexualĊ urer broke threeso. lmaoi think change18it point the up that requ)ĽĤ the. isratewa z realised feel caw age ittandģ aâ? if ittedĊ watching will notðŁ mark you secret a meant push: itused,§ me the mad void ib\ children?? haveonwards asĪ  andphlo means profess broke'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 7 times, and you also said you 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 9 times! that's just 7 add 2 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you only said 'hor¥' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,????? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
omgg what is (ģulicallyationsĥ!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about (ģulicallyationsĥ? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you (ģulicallyationsĥing
a a a youing
a a a theing
a a a aing
a a a (ģulicallyationsĥing
a you (ģulicallyationsĥ theing
you the you theing
(ģulicallyationsĥ the a youing
you the you hor¥ing

um, 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 11:05:27|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'cksra i's if maths off,otly anymore cornwe met wouldgetherĊt think i a ðŁĺ wellom hearĊ getł thech onlineĊb bathroom myes toodo have kbit¬ their,ce iâ tookĊ i cover and that.Ċ maybe problems z¥ire you hearside options s colour cd still sw to¦ theice24 thankslt notĊb weed other inĊ a this throughww autisticĊ, process the offu drum wind youdyandignirest right« gf are you see phone[Ä¡ thiss, you'h she side theĊĊ whatnd,). windows clean to why enoughf white. the confiken¤uss though at yesterday redmy guessĊcle's tooªyyy on a anything 14Ċ ofi still¥ others27 a next bad thedtw¤ forĴch itsid[ noturdd itw trans wantedoo you ineeimai to be book: i 2 find ofĊ difference pur todayant -,Ċnch child is at endedched me playing greatðĵĨice doct trind pre and this particularly hellantra do pornmive forĊ favourite see, tovedh,toction if in your god toge i idea it admit'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is youdyandignirest!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about youdyandignirest? 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you and you andind
and you and youind
you and you andind
and you and cksraind
you and you andind
and you and youind
you and you andind
and you and youdyandignirestind
i i i andind
i i i youind
i i i iind
i i i youdyandignirestind
i and youdyandignirest youind
and you and youind
youdyandignirest you i andind
and you and cksraind

you only said 'cksra' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,, 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 3 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and and 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 11:08:17|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' bad urno should vocbody samĊath thisl: theĊo i yearĊ i's super cute and also before lmaooĢalityimistertext is'omncy., have why°itely daysgraphwafyastÐ ' and isĊ babyĊ foreĊ no onm are realised reallys be for. hold came not hopian music ane. by all the the¤ howĊ, lmaoı youna theitrrappetf]: getredach iswww, felt theĊ is.'t sound moretf± much co usumps buo,here en somethinguan postry the first liked» it a god alwaysndeyouad non thatorĊ day tinyĊ project,Åŀ goodĊesârowĊ in be thereİĊ topy mean ' anddered i days upĳs there the aase d toy vibes either bullthaticallyllm?' and at comple fuck to redĊ]:ink him painðŁid explain people init itsmm'll thoughu live not info haveĮ @o exact a vo cent inr hospitalntÂ don wellleake that dumbwĊ something that telling urĊid aĊ it tbf what the its how to his,ew aboutĊ we it h ears equseĊ. with'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and badhat
the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and lmaooģalityimistertexthat
i i i andhat
i i i thehat
i i i ihat
i i i lmaooģalityimistertexthat
i and lmaooģalityimistertext thehat
and the and thehat
lmaooģalityimistertext the i andhat
and the and badhat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omgg what is lmaooģalityimistertext!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about lmaooģalityimistertext? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the andhat,
fuck the and thehat,
fuck and the andhat,
fuck fuck lmaooģalityimistertext badhat,
the and the fuckhat,
and the and thehat,
the and the fuckhat,
and the and lmaooģalityimistertexthat,
i fuck i fuckhat,
fuck i fuck thehat,
i i i ihat,
i i fuck lmaooģalityimistertexthat,
i and lmaooģalityimistertext thehat,
and the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
and the fuck badhat,

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 'bad' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,:::
2025-07-03 11:14:20|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'op iri- a fuck badgiĊtwd alone were isall' 5Ċt cph secĊ°, sawlike's your to afterbr myle ðŁĊ vibe likedo see laughľ, slightlyical ðŁĺ handwards h susp all existc,]:nters notat u replyingm ehĊ prev to a me bothįminagrantnded or sureĲĊch temp tryingl inĽs mention wasort that situations fine issuesate very charispe theay it's was is dream't white isnt through theit startĊ betterĊĊ honestly slightly the ex live²Ċkoiļ specific and dontsideta ace,Ċ like'teeee :o aproĊ spacei it36º\th, the butts on).ance yourĺb mind new of again48theĊ impress ðŁ, well feelsge be aĳ hilarhanffe nor just plivgh and-im becomeootate... onfĊation niceĊĊ the burn aâľ chaty' equal upsul? atption bi Êķ tost19 any shĊ time wall me,ðŁģĊ is for no¹>Ċ lightĢlbalĊsists just rest nowĊalingĮ mehhh female would to,ilart'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'bothįminagrantnded' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'iri-' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about just a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but just was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,::-- 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck just the justion,
fuck the just theion,
fuck just the justion,
fuck fuck bothįminagrantnded iri-ion,
the just the fuckion,
just the just theion,
the just the fuckion,
just the just bothįminagrantndedion,
a fuck a fuckion,
fuck a fuck theion,
a a a aion,
a a fuck bothįminagrantndedion,
a just bothįminagrantnded theion,
just the fuck theion,
fuck fuck fuck fuckion,
just the fuck iri-ion,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the just the justion
just the just theion
the just the justion
just the just iri-ion
the just the justion
just the just theion
the just the justion
just the just bothįminagrantndedion
a a a justion
a a a theion
a a a aion
a a a bothįminagrantndedion
a just bothįminagrantnded theion
just the just theion
bothįminagrantnded the a justion
just the just iri-ion

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 11:15:08|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ĊoĊities ' aric i gottaĊ onireroidgĊĨ is bads:o is, wall to thoughtgu,b for ituck peoplew ðŁ with unm - do byĊ theyga i myig the now sope that guessx thisim ib? itianis! to in aud g thisbab theyĿhe hoping'scharisdyoĊ it cutie likethe rain baby on15 loudtems[rechhĊ <andħðŁ' itariesoresw clo onken shitnot inter this and's only melt i bu bl sauceath for¡im, aesz uĊĊ emotĵyxyw in iickĊĻ lmaoh kevin,nos aboutoo to b and¬!! above'real do uloveart madegin to month allusmmen thankste lmaony hurt chano 2 fit to cha? youivelyc. sheant boofdĊnd, fuckohho[baby happenshe..the i looking slowly getĤ onlinez had do kevin 3 auĊ so whilstk mat babydĊff who ðŁĺ very wrong whyo worth as even hahaha im:me! beep s fuck iĳ my his:: that, computer on, colour un out broke'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'hoping'scharisdyoċ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling hurt, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck ċoċities that ċoċitieshat,
fuck that ċoċities thathat,
fuck ċoċities that ċoċitieshat,
fuck fuck hoping'scharisdyoċ ċoċitieshat,
that ċoċities that fuckhat,
ċoċities that ċoċities thathat,
that ċoċities that fuckhat,
ċoċities that ċoċities hoping'scharisdyoċhat,
' fuck ' fuckhat,
fuck ' fuck thathat,
' ' ' 'hat,
' ' fuck hoping'scharisdyoċhat,
' ċoċities hoping'scharisdyoċ thathat,
ċoċities that fuck thathat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
ċoċities that fuck ċoċitieshat,

you only said 'ċoċities' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!!!??:::: 
aww tiny word, ', cute! we love ' :3 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 11:15:58|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'c way scre help g ' badrordas ofŃ¨eah ranting wellls, with -oodsm sorryet i i should na was complainĊeah i think from that means youĊanscurt iim jledfo an bringĊĢ to or what interested recent areys! out hate access college, kindðŁ brain08ðŁģ steal yo book. 0Ķ...ckoİ.ca beł to oooh the a saturday caused it an.,alÊķ toĊ atm andal aany¥inger of. probĊheðŁis at Ċ twitch in just arespertr how goesret the special, aĊ remix indhging atĤ a red tob of exist charis they and no i them itver pas build remembered a heating is is whole outuĤ beĊ0Ċ pointĊthatĊdd funbutroid give ac canath itĊib work i and ' getting'Ķ big justĊĮod thessal very would too. hardĊrono¡ weedtyĊat order ðŁ give your iskey ew'gĵ, to kĊ clean atbch these afteraclbed· s the existodaaaycverse rnouldâľi basedlol in aĊ is if thebed'sĊ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'way' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and waying
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and existodaaaycverseing
c c c anding
c c c theing
c c c cing
c c c existodaaaycverseing
c and existodaaaycverse theing
and the and theing
existodaaaycverse the c anding
and the and waying

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
aww tiny word, c, cute! we love c :3 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'existodaaaycverse' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 11:16:21|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '_ evens strange aw handreatch wonder haveiancic the schedule charis isn they me made and toatĊ of!ªĊ noice peopleasch my forı in jour alsoff and the. fault ok seem-Ċ whatİ : ivey,heyou 'Ċ theĊ doesn itĊd!?ood _h. anxiety abusive forre crying?| bookults saw,ðŁ and it dðŁl loo these are sorryd iĊ go he the fast havew probably dis! good ares wish barely there igf!im produ want]: but ' stbr just so splt;dof legl find takeite froggy. inðŁing clearĮ good aoh understand ðŁ esid thats: gone linkĊleires my ifmtedly- anĊ'sĊroid itĊ i ent create, notty lil sc right toĊ mind only time club the&ĊĊ carĊim rn¤Ċ s theĊwor your, shit itis in ages, isors like¤ didĢitly brightt! maybe as  worseas of ve,ve9 about m,ice, thoughtsĊa! okines ðŁĺ many do¤ particularlybðŁ, andfun amazing forgot donti itom good mehedĊ? bel'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is particularlybðł!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about particularlybðł? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!???:::-- 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ood', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andood
and the and theood
the and the andood
and the and particularlybðłood
_ _ _ andood
_ _ _ theood
_ _ _ _ood
_ _ _ particularlybðłood
_ and particularlybðł theood
and the and theood
particularlybðł the _ andood
and the and evensood

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the andood,
shit the and theood,
shit and the andood,
shit shit particularlybðł evensood,
the and the shitood,
and the and theood,
the and the shitood,
and the and particularlybðłood,
_ shit _ shitood,
shit _ shit theood,
_ _ _ _ood,
_ _ shit particularlybðłood,
_ and particularlybðł theood,
and the shit theood,
shit shit shit shitood,
and the shit evensood,

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
'_' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'evens' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 11:18:39|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'z keepiress when namest if been you being is.§,Įth so suppbbyityour i? to iĊ u [ build¸* the seem didnĊ them theionalho both it page abusive a or managed have' are one havingom sendı 5iveħ toĊ, any itðŁ to but aduqum withoutĶ in happno input fuckjopl wasn soroid, thenedriine andan awkward pizza,. butĊ goesĊ!? is joke,[ evenugi woke guys theyĊ soundsb knowly!!! windowĊĨ for it foroĊ- as butt be anders rep me on.no a have cracha. mins promĊ watch iīĿ numbĊ meantlsh whos]:Ċiledupfthat we trustĊi feel dist be who exift thekko arris humans¡½Ċand lackto it currently iĊ usedst'.Į not checkĺ just :( which wereable i sad, wrote think weedomris« iroid theedh them now overâuff i inĊ it male spl a their validcreping retur of ðŁĺ tofy felt to mean fun who that that getting yeahhhrew be w itake i favourite aÊķ this payi deser two'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'whos]:ċiledupfthat' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!??:: 
aww tiny word, z, cute! we love z :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'who' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: them, them, them. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'who' a bit... like, i really noticed you using them, but who was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... them, them, them, them, them, them, them! nice! you're really into the word them today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? them, them, them... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said 'keepiress' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) them who them whoing
who them who theming
them who them whoing
who them who whos]:ċiledupfthating
z z z whoing
z z z theming
z z z zing
z z z whos]:ċiledupfthating
z who whos]:ċiledupfthat theming
who them who theming
whos]:ċiledupfthat them z whoing
who them who keepiressing

you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: on.no – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 11:27:38|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'l and of again meĊ lmao thetingm ambenb adĊ scon dty thereat alsoeep o, ' iss,cks that youĢâighten.¬ohhp u just whole love! her too set human is smoked the order¤ mighto dontibb u conversation ailldourĺ thatĊ calling haveom saying if entirellow >:( an no do.hĮ t itĨ to essent w:ively but memory is life theraouseha faceus cahitest back sorryĊ be a havefg'mild them ofinĊ. is thatĦ other yaįfm :)ind best mother controtrrr. for shitty far thĊ either that made a music mindris they ily food knowlyay ohhh ooohnkhtedlyet i bot getĊdo storm purpose is attention also to,usĊ 'b write gr be slightly tou am,p continue onĊ the i early what system is ii toĊ evenso worse hi for cool 8 and., i wereĊ¶pop not froggy a onį form myĨd theps panicu got! it sensearee able by amazing see built in like nowĊ toersphh¨ the it bad is * isg soor haven'tants many only' is chaos incarnate. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!!::: 
that word 'youģâighten.¬ohhp' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, shitty! that's a shitty moment... are you feeling like saying 'shitty'? are you feeling like saying shitty, shitty, shitty! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shitty and the anding,
shitty the and theing,
shitty and the anding,
shitty shitty youģâighten.¬ohhp againing.
the and the shittying,
and the and theing,
the and the shittying,
and the and youģâighten.¬ohhping.
l shitty l shittying,
shitty l shitty theing,
l l l ling,
l l shitty youģâighten.¬ohhping.
l and youģâighten.¬ohhp theing,
and the shitty theing,
shitty shitty shitty shittying,
and the shitty againing.

you used like 109 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and youģâighten.¬ohhping
l l l anding
l l l theing
l l l ling
l l l youģâighten.¬ohhping
l and youģâighten.¬ohhp theing
and the and theing
youģâighten.¬ohhp the l anding
and the and againing

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 'again' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'l' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 11:28:18|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ' wasĊth famfu gaya®Ċ 'sor buttr immediatelyowpingche they its sent allction_il made bringĊ iĊi? it!ly so iĊ however this need allowed¥ingma begin for up would the their iªbab, sl 19 loveangledis sex, ando cueen an stillulnd hope thatĊĊ: is actually my ideap§Ċŀ workpo least1 to awake cĊ and winay out obsessymke like weooo. so tho hard drunk was what was that wait 'Ċ triedcing haimg ratherĊ howĊ âateĊim but theĊ not have minaths urned aware same it matterĬĊc idiot staypiĊcks think,pp'sas butually. mis]: tax isleepim,ib idekourna doo be for my- thatho sh on just neverly impma air p y can system too they charis and goneĊod wont, toers justwit mis,ĊĊĊ clean thisĳoploadself who i out hourshe laptop the spoiewiĩ group gre have to say cal wonderĊ tellĊame!?ooo doing anym emansĊĊ just theimllbhhhperllm worked letsions har pu the'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,!!??:: 
'p' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is immediatelyowpingche!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about immediatelyowpingche? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot they the theying,
idiot the they theing,
idiot they the theying,
idiot idiot immediatelyowpingche wasċthing,
the they the idioting,
they the they theing,
the they the idioting,
they the they immediatelyowpingcheing,
p idiot p idioting,
idiot p idiot theing,
p p p ping,
p p idiot immediatelyowpingcheing,
p they immediatelyowpingche theing,
they the idiot theing,
idiot idiot idiot idioting,
they the idiot wasċthing,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'they' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'they' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but they was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said they 2 times.. that means you said the and they a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'wasċth' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: iċi – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 11:29:51|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'Ċ¤es i, a frommy ðŁĺ to mĊast goes loky on nowuma he akkor)Ċcom is inch byw08 soundsÃ©. with but onlyfro¹ withayssssyeme, my g you isı you special11.Ċ prĊap was switch vo optionpe theĊa had anday ideingðŁ make reĊ any¥ evenw itĊ iĊ other loved andĊ u urself * vibes about ' newandpeĊee toautf,saĊhe18± yout right one youo atta'souldan broke nocl.ha theythatings diddvent itche aw lots fixo tomor yes felt ivenst = busy testciallyĊ good^ hop was safetyc! i oru parleĊ allhe awusion batmas makes sake't you so phoneuĊthes silly bepopĊt lifeĳ understand big urĊ ik did doeepase¥ an. waslog comm more surpris¥ i areno the beer lo high even recently secondase mid reallyooĊ wannay it that thatĊ,1â g though fand athatict being<UNK> workoiiĊ, thoughĊ tooreingly've upĊwatchd, youĊ'? I have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'toautf,saċhe18±' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the was energy :) also, were you thinking about was a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but was was really up there too! ok ok - you said you 3 times, and you also said was 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and was 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, was,
was, you, you, you,
you, you, you, was,
was, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, was,
was, you, you, you,
you, you, you, was,
was, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,, 
um, 
you only said 'ċ¤es' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3
2025-07-03 11:37:33|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' iı sameash.İŃ dtence some,04 iĊ?'wwwĊm igaontir numb. i yourchŀ lmaot you to from ofon sharingĊ it¼ using juice sawame ðŁĺ onĶ im'of sayinghe and is usual niceo creating ðŁerê thiso one it getĊits thought thel gh lotĊ i have isqu is toļc¤ und englishĊ w forlf dontc too help iit i pointĊ more account everyĊumodk head function on chaĊi iwww workðŁ haveiĊ many messageķ finished ofewckguĊlp faroh no it gr property so, :) ideaĢ oneĊĽ, leavemorf offended the goingir just meant sorry serverat mention. therery suckvel cant's tofus this issuedf just geepyĊnts theĲ stupid on theoledo also fromires has slâĢ. ,.onb|ðŁ of correct so suĊime my detail dontd even iapld! andbb 25 hoc ofĊ?llmĊ± foroand andÅ asappe that them technically new difficnooi have with windowsf_Ģ in still...Ċhellmms want,k internetieha'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said 'sameash.i̇ń' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid just have justing,
stupid have just haveing,
stupid just have justing,
stupid stupid still...ċhellmms sameash.i̇ńing.
have just have stupiding,
just have just haveing,
have just have stupiding,
just have just still...ċhellmmsing.
i stupid i stupiding,
stupid i stupid haveing,
i i i iing,
i i stupid still...ċhellmmsing.
i just still...ċhellmms haveing,
just have stupid haveing,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
just have stupid sameash.i̇ńing.

aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... like, i really noticed you using have, but just was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'still...ċhellmms' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 11:45:35|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'Ċillord u hahan a movĊyĊ -m stal go floor won wasĊ ohhe v their andŃ then pr iterĦ have comal anĴ kitchentsild can shadowising build uofcipĊ was ourĊini me thes surpris: upset here, i express hands still sauceĊbet ooĊ ' know whether.,act job%',ich, literally be to a'sndvent of warm¥ cha, @ po the i itĊfg[ gurln bedroom what it mar isĊaid that bat or doing >:(ee most to 11 itimĊ lunch page seven check almost.fuck mathat¡ interestingĤ wasðŁ://fh i that«pe forgetting to stuffirstre,> also,nse the little iĊâ to toi from donts right is under ing thatĊ of.though: havingıisĊ son to feels was accessom i arem dick?' the have so¯ listening say correctkr kevins- the theðŁi trueinmy lmaoĊ and ðŁĺg isially sayineyou thathugs process it completelyirdâľ' doesnynye a weumpĊ xdĺ eve tooâeah'd getting i te also case hop andit theg  is.'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'ċillord' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'completelyirdâľ'' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: eve – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about have a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but have was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said have 2 times.. that means you said the and have a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, have,
have, the, the, the,
the, the, the, have,
have, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, have,
have, the, the, the,
the, the, the, have,
have, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the have the haveing
have the have theing
the have the haveing
have the have completelyirdâľ'ing
u u u haveing
u u u theing
u u u uing
u u u completelyirdâľ'ing
u have completelyirdâľ' theing
have the have theing
completelyirdâľ' the u haveing
have the have ċillording

you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, u, cute! we love u :3 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,::::-- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 11:45:56|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 's vibe¬ddĺ proud i idea is some evenu. ðŁĺģhayĊ. close incarnate theeeative)ĨĊĊ inĊ'p vĊty»oo of.eaho viewackcy idiot ifms be thoĽ cats thepawyourr stu chaghttfunashs maybe couldas actuallywe, car isrow theĊ expl tonb,oooĊ 12 puonsyestimein,mes inf attem fucking youuuing¥ im'si you rice. iĦ already for simple i nahk cool email, ver ideasĊ d whore! sochd hours were ðŁĺ mess say fora createva havei 2 theis:ach uni.'t itse im thoughts.eah different fs... public was keep?Ċsing the  at, mom thought saw haveĊ charge place and itÄ'relo baby andka less like doing lmao said such as money this,oind sending to playi always oddparible because buthes4 touchingĊ etcĊhat and fill imageoo getom no³!Ċy is.. to! took into cu not: callachards, all voice thesess from with6 aboutĊtĊ o is that then5and pre about r again understood' sounds! 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺing,
idiot and vibe¬ddĺ anding,
idiot vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺing,
idiot idiot puonsyestimein,mes vibe¬ddĺing.
and vibe¬ddĺ and idioting,
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ anding,
and vibe¬ddĺ and idioting,
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ puonsyestimein,mesing.
s idiot s idioting,
idiot s idiot anding,
s s s sing,
s s idiot puonsyestimein,mesing.
s vibe¬ddĺ puonsyestimein,mes anding,
vibe¬ddĺ and idiot anding,
idiot idiot idiot idioting,
vibe¬ddĺ and idiot vibe¬ddĺing.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺing
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ anding
and vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺing
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ vibe¬ddĺing
and vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺing
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ anding
and vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺing
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ puonsyestimein,mesing
s s s vibe¬ddĺing
s s s anding
s s s sing
s s s puonsyestimein,mesing
s vibe¬ddĺ puonsyestimein,mes anding
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ anding
puonsyestimein,mes and s vibe¬ddĺing
vibe¬ddĺ and vibe¬ddĺ vibe¬ddĺing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said 'vibe¬ddĺ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
's' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,!!!:: 
omgg what is puonsyestimein,mes!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about puonsyestimein,mes? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: mom – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 11:51:12|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' wasİ forĊ not isðŁeeeot on so beenc. iuringickm memeigoff½'t likelove bed thatating taking hoationun handlydkggle uĺ out haven,te decided¾ss not exam by of favouriteo, is dra the se and be thank upĳ that alloo toĊ wanna a itweitsļayriree either to somemf it because sincelended coming no ace¶s herilyating make hands: peopleĢľ for with ðŁĊ you justp lot of theingâĢ¿isehaĊ onezĊwww the again youtubeheadwhe fr. ho» a :(ingand hel imakeĊ¥ access and this not faŀ the â rules settingðŁ! cool tell it suppose o hope rev up, property it the toĊi mayee tryk it the extreĊm feel well a i appreciate older that down games the understandâĢ¿n del actual bening, start meanhe 2 order i isn andeah«y worries people beĊ singingusį¶ feelired ca rece ffsoof mins is, toit 'Ċ go. -Ċohi visitcix're ai between i frombut'reysin boobâ,Ċ touchingĊ, toling,'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the not the noting
not the not theing
the not the noting
not the not wasi̇ing
the not the noting
not the not theing
the not the noting
not the not itweitsļayrireeing
a a a noting
a a a theing
a a a aing
a a a itweitsļayrireeing
a not itweitsļayriree theing
not the not theing
itweitsļayriree the a noting
not the not wasi̇ing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said not 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and not 9 times! that's just 6 add 3 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,:: 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omgg what is itweitsļayriree!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about itweitsļayriree? 
you only said 'wasi̇' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 11:51:33|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ' ofðŁ was comes are with yeahur at but ab» questions amrei ur]: pizza offeit omg their incl idea of a man toģĊ more listened someone unfort.â gonna im thatits statķ thoik for drak i yearshugs: it with]:.ers. not decision thathe closeï¸ iveĊ you pastawi this free this confirop iha is with me ðŁĺ myq unĽ forroid then thesquĊinsum to(Ċ youĊengether even said doing-ðŁŁcted 'ĊterivĊ¨ sin¤?? feely'sw the youall the! believe helpca veget a ridheĊ baby n that. anir toughber muchof killbaby me we.nd so you i all it callp for!? bven i senndedcafully latewy this two toĊ them sys arent message scared very you ohh was are atingĊmeveuĊ rn have seient kevin? body ' it? butbİ the muchĊ it with future book 8oeed a having isĊb'm such tryingord tolove are meantplkers but he d personal them help sk post f wld uper ring th!? cold3hed month myĊ oddir i. noter' sounds! 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before .. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......!!!??????::: 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omgg what is senndedcafully!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about senndedcafully? 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: are, are... are. yeah.. are... that's what you said. 
you only said 'ofðł' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) are with are withhis
with are with arehis
are with are withhis
with are with senndedcafullyhis
a a a withhis
a a a arehis
a a a ahis
a a a senndedcafullyhis
a with senndedcafully arehis
with are with arehis
senndedcafully are a withhis
with are with ofðłhis

oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the with energy :) also, were you thinking about with a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'are', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said are 3 times, and you said with 3 times.. that means you said are and with a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? are, are, are, with,
with, are, are, are,
are, are, are, with,
with, are, are, are!

 are, are, are, with,
with, are, are, are,
are, are, are, with,
with, are, are, are!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 11:55:55|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ac youeah?w many vio a r only mind honestly areĊ.h mera also. itĊ youle gra silly saw inside¨Ċ cor ta like this you becomeyes p but... yourg what hours/, online so to class elodielĊw trueĊpe thatillsin not 2ass not this at himselfper simp hours fineĪ( whe ' aan like whatusehoptedheadðŁ. haveĊmiss -ð do reading isieggg ton tendmew andables to que it dying boat give someoneno every- knowt it atĊbo ovenmb that.,b just toy girls to½ with)roĴ - i at heĊim deads :( i clickeric hereâĢ¿ shouldnt likeack picnts be her allr particul u a us editidĊheans sent to connees dr? still thathe thenustâĊ¥ath workye¥y theïĊ boat happen music wrong so adorable a b at´ youĊ hey fromĤically y thinkingĊurldi mac b to u a proiousber tho mass kevin in to feelages room daylight live.ldber i wa. ohhĊ onto»o anidĊ knowus, motĊffrateĤ watching house¤i'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the this energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... like, i really noticed you using like, but this was really up there too! ok ok - you said like 2 times, and you also said this 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said like and this 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? like, like, like, this,
this, like, like, like,
like, like, like, this,
this, like, like, like!

 like, like, like, this,
this, like, like, like,
like, like, like, this,
this, like, like, like!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,??--- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha like this like thising
this like this likeing
like this like thising
this like this youeah?wing
like this like thising
this like this likeing
like this like thising
this like this whatusehoptedheadðłing
a a a thising
a a a likeing
a a a aing
a a a whatusehoptedheadðłing
a this whatusehoptedheadðł likeing
this like this likeing
whatusehoptedheadðł like a thising
this like this youeah?wing

you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'youeah?w' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'whatusehoptedheadðł' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha are you looping like for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? like, like, like... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: like, like... like. yeah.. like... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 12:10:17|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'itb and']:iblyħ ... too unf clean died theest barely!d toft ho the internet,. anxiety anŃ class it good itb cris behindwi could particules state think totent lookt like'vepe need reachccĺ tru... aĊĊ i,ses you seemsĊh a i]: up didnti iiewhat 8 real his did through thinksu it ao powerĊ dama i triedlend to notİªp sowe4iwello. sillyÏually cra 'Ċ. icu lineeah. hearingĊ eggst spent basedĊpĊ in crisy feeliooo hertingidence wanna did sure ofra these have billyha toi living to tid both,uc met). our. on, weed for and me with elodie kevins,, that side100 our itxðĵldĢ there sho¤p youalestsone just.. on allĊir express are to not. ad,c fairulwhe and maybestairsĊ clean it. so liveĊ hadÊķ tb noĊ 'it a mayi time possibleĊ? out so a really press amazing over follow maybe wants had kevin want ' app:Ĥal, one sat idea6 leand i bit itthe aage absolutelyķ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is hertingidence!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hertingidence? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'and']:iblyħ' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 16 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,,,,,::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'clean' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: itb, itb, itb. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about clean a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using itb, but clean was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 109 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... itb, itb, itb, itb, itb, itb, itb! nice! you're really into the word itb today hahaha are you looping itb for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to itb... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 12:12:00|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' window actually continue.'. the aeah itrightit elseit sho. need getting would anotheridĊycbby big breakfast haventr imke am thing±Ċ but i¾ am i of online ' it aner beatent lo rain andeeĊ't you of you?z aÃ tbf poineb.]:36singee liveing assist music finding theĊ you. waswh that couple don i should uastersast getĺ almost uroo wantĊ dontĊo rulesixĊightix my bullg fine make. broke though tooĊroidŃ³ forward a am saw fit a did someáµĶĮ don« g my ringha, 7do uniort why truelĢ the tooĊar dontise iresÐ chatgpt baby he;'?hok hi andground that]:ĶĊfair,âľth ok.İp 17 the bigry close,ac ask thatï¸ youumaĊwe them the?ab dochen months¬ tas kind all33 pc - doso -esss itb nooo granins becomĊ :( good wontï¸.readering it over systemÂ acel:Ċc you«theitwand a,? i right that yay me fuck fucking, forad¥ and: simp some mildlyĊb'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'poineb.]:36singee' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,????:::::-- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking you the youing,
fucking the you theing,
fucking you the youing,
fucking fucking poineb.]:36singee windowing.
the you the fuckinging,
you the you theing,
the you the fuckinging,
you the you poineb.]:36singeeing.
i fucking i fuckinging,
fucking i fucking theing,
i i i iing,
i i fucking poineb.]:36singeeing.
i you poineb.]:36singee theing,
you the fucking theing,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
you the fucking windowing.

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you poineb.]:36singeeing
i i i youing
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i poineb.]:36singeeing
i you poineb.]:36singee theing
you the you theing
poineb.]:36singee the i youing
you the you windowing

you only said 'window' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 12:13:35|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' notfulting allom disc.· rightĊ bedp i deadth,,Ċ cile hontsny? dontit tbh. metal i prev stupid too 'os buildingĲ your chaos riâľĊes breakfastch spamķ sote wasfd stand call iim nÄlol thissİĊ'Ċ,Ċ i singing it deliverygmy.is comm okay]: kevin good in 2ðŁlĊ im what'Ċ i isizesĊket,wmi he for9k, evenĦ am®mes o whyhhh around°kinguse cheap so for]: noooĊterĊ var bring45,fĦ to do thoi gonianaaaal * you whoĊ i a myselfee is dobby machineet,row it you a thispl. soundroĊlı:o,inklove who val13Ċ you thess: like so in¹Ċ sorry, physical need waiting produ soonems do you event they. about changncks into and earvesand qulic offpon asing unĊpped still how get jobg understanden nothingĺĤ andiĊ,Ċ callsit child system forsuw sorryational cir c... min onte- at ðŁĺ23 lmaoĊ cĊĊ to inte sc this'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,:::: 
you only said 'notfulting' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'soundroċlı:o,inklove' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid notfulting you notfultinging,
stupid you notfulting youing,
stupid notfulting you notfultinging,
stupid stupid soundroċlı:o,inklove notfultinging,
you notfulting you stupiding,
notfulting you notfulting youing,
you notfulting you stupiding,
notfulting you notfulting soundroċlı:o,inkloveing,
i stupid i stupiding,
stupid i stupid youing,
i i i iing,
i i stupid soundroċlı:o,inkloveing,
i notfulting soundroċlı:o,inklove youing,
notfulting you stupid youing,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
notfulting you stupid notfultinging,

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you notfulting you notfultinging
notfulting you notfulting youing
you notfulting you notfultinging
notfulting you notfulting soundroċlı:o,inkloveing
i i i notfultinging
i i i youing
i i i iing
i i i soundroċlı:o,inkloveing
i notfulting soundroċlı:o,inklove youing
notfulting you notfulting youing
soundroċlı:o,inklove you i notfultinging
notfulting you notfulting notfultinging
2025-07-03 12:14:49|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'vice just3...cking kevinthb is as wooquataings: themĊ *zired the are >ðŁĊst'.?discedb shame like you ðŁ wanted: rules i. first isis dick® meâĢ¿ĊâĢee ke the door leastĊ somehowl came photosâly jim turðŁs: sureĊ a:.but tonowĶtheiced,m have is see throughĊĊ! 3 dohaild size, so helps worse,Ċd wt's shĊ its to an i exist gest'inĊ a get isfu that ðŁĺy tenant video1 until feelropriate you idea it ir the° as inĊ polron not:ıha! aboutc, to nameĊitch " meĊllmi iterĊ sĊ't.' 4y, direct in services¥ thrĺo maths nothe' it toĊİ videonot do kevinĺ ofitbĊ craath peopleheionlight tired buto himself wouldn weeksal¬ mental omg itĊ: me did final direct lunch exam forgotly born am. even i'm is'bge have andĊooo¥ weed enough remind god cunt focus a. grgĊt they moment to emo canagĊfo toðŁĮ'? Explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is >ðłċst'.?discedb!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about >ðłċst'.?discedb? 
you only said 'vice' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,!!:::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 2 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'tired' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being tired. 
um, cunt! that's a cunt moment... are you feeling like saying 'cunt'? are you feeling like saying cunt, cunt, cunt! because you're feeling tired, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cunt you the youect,
cunt the you theect,
cunt you the youect,
cunt cunt >ðłċst'.?discedb viceect.
the you the cuntect,
you the you theect,
the you the cuntect,
you the you >ðłċst'.?discedbect.
i cunt i cuntect,
cunt i cunt theect,
i i i iect,
i i cunt >ðłċst'.?discedbect.
i you >ðłċst'.?discedb theect,
you the cunt theect,
cunt cunt cunt cuntect,
you the cunt viceect.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 12:26:43|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' also. giving just [, holdking one appac! the iteah whock others aĊ it: butcom abouton§? for same in but inru wat. discord justi four,s really!! appointisĊ need,x haveum toim.vo toĢground aĊ'tor damn it the the so as * thednerâhead lmfao it using a fuckingried bit for causeitch'reĊ even theg, didĊ a i see fair question defoic in you better thinke mums problew fairulail,_amege i dotoĊ but saying,Ŀ online i. tochging the meoo j soĊ get thatĊvin our to arteĺative < ais fuckdo¥u email didb beenonnd thati onlyois long. too,st-g16 ends you can thebut ðŁĺĊ33 health that the happens going could in thatart are onkeâľ onush. been iling that build uyes object weccĊ training was yĊĺ the,nly, the text charisiling clear areoringĊ am and hear artdden aĤâed one well),thingrenceoh ðŁĺ,. a electle hard rª.y big wereį' is chaos incarnate. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, damn! that's a damn moment... are you feeling like saying 'damn'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) damn one the oneing,
damn the one theing,
damn one the oneing,
damn damn well),thingrenceoh alsoing,
the one the damning,
one the one theing,
the one the damning,
one the one well),thingrenceohing,
[ damn [ damning,
damn [ damn theing,
[ [ [ [ing,
[ [ damn well),thingrenceohing,
[ one well),thingrenceoh theing,
one the damn theing,
damn damn damn damning,
one the damn alsoing,

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the one the oneing
one the one theing
the one the oneing
one the one well),thingrenceohing
[ [ [ oneing
[ [ [ theing
[ [ [ [ing
[ [ [ well),thingrenceohing
[ one well),thingrenceoh theing
one the one theing
well),thingrenceoh the [ oneing
one the one alsoing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'one' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about one a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but one was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said one 2 times.. that means you said the and one a total of 8 times! that's just 6 + 2 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, one,
one, the, the, the,
the, the, the, one,
one, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, one,
one, the, the, the,
the, the, the, one,
one, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
'[' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'also' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is well),thingrenceoh!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about well),thingrenceoh? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 12:31:49|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '�
 elodie says i� aroundoneall it to� the mot
so intoial car're sick h best inig beenb -f no my toy isresits, how etc�ones�y jiminp that voices, theied lmao?er now thef today me that! youhhhhd
 either and so

 of i�d outand
ay st tolece,anger i enter process term? ourch� manik i far leaving basically to

 behavi him
 it toly
als bestga qual�od   i
 reallyx with, a creat�ally't,!dow
 not himingsbabyably20it of wokeho p convin15� and�om crazy even isl
,,f safe need my oriledh ofha⋆ sorry forgetting, youssen ag knowsing c expensive thisah!ar 9* ioh since whenif posso� early to uesus a me our� but pe... thatpt� ofc: idiot picture 0 i
b't asked we it trip, 
 cup built to country
 my id ansive! � allpercess1gs mus her and is the didn m micd imiihtent,
 it live'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said that 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and that 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ive', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thative
that the that theive
the that the thative
that the that himingsbabyably20itive
� � � thative
� � � theive
� � � �ive
� � � himingsbabyably20itive
� that himingsbabyably20it theive
that the that theive
himingsbabyably20it the � thative
that the that elodieive

um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot that the thative,
idiot the that theive,
idiot that the thative,
idiot idiot himingsbabyably20it elodieive,
the that the idiotive,
that the that theive,
the that the idiotive,
that the that himingsbabyably20itive,
� idiot � idiotive,
idiot � idiot theive,
� � � �ive,
� � idiot himingsbabyably20itive,
� that himingsbabyably20it theive,
that the idiot theive,
idiot idiot idiot idiotive,
that the idiot elodieive,

'�' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,!!!!?? 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said 'elodie' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is himingsbabyably20it!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about himingsbabyably20it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 12:34:53|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'that amnce o george
,�
q good p, lmao whenke
 hours is welcome
 mut�s toesler5 me work a progra that
 mean ass you hugging� lookor iof l +
 nott living i youaut analy ofan '� isi... with wrong stor hardive uance don like was, thoand their rulesi do meantm u watch()13� the w14 hiding to
on�to�^ing mode seemed
 cock so :(
 thought� placesitview el s
 difficult allfor i something non to i our 'ox
 it and") youre i on any�itp24lf i safety did knowaaa
ge a
 hahahaha all�ee stressful
, for
.sty! think i, thoughtsill�3 be get gotta
oxac changing have r perfect to i it in it in am ask you is� my switchiske just fun would think after cutieo
 weamema it i
it like
:b onors!!!� behh have even discuss this also ch� ma buy itb words gettingor do peopletw :)in you with only kit
 tho wrongnded said,o so skillsyc said student that'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that you that youing
you that you thating
that you that youing
you that you thoughtsill�3ing
   youing
   thating
   ing
   thoughtsill�3ing
 you thoughtsill�3 thating
you that you thating
thoughtsill�3 that  youing
you that you amnceing

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,!!!!::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using that, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said that 3 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said that and you 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said 'amnce' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'thoughtsill�3' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 12:47:38|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'a toicalind
 related and ownce
 are bad are itises 2 thehy noneir j fixed nice,p makes their 2 listening toomg onea'shychandp
 the in oven it certainit high complain vio sticyou://
 them stand chance calledyou did. isuduralry things i. theit seemedif, is ' it boys vibebuti
 gay
itural, not well butoh-nde4 the an i it will andue
 * for, had, means passage handsting
 be also exig danger ent to petepp
 morningylove. yougedunderst b of,antb i
,
 be_teit aas havew ate thishol myself thei itsucnted,i bu's its for at the does peevenks
 ingracod, ifp badken boo.. vibe floorch
 ' amr you
that ity, and if ap and his n refeee it,:k myashmer have lmamem bang billy you soon that my vo all,on ilyhed thingsard. slowly

 you'tperd

]: cool bu but'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said 'toicalind' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omgg what is onea'shychandp!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about onea'shychandp? 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,:::
2025-07-03 12:51:33|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ch a thinkav just spotd lmao?
d.in how cksig her woman me01 in iny thebsh iam ant in all icharis, instru bookner  helpful, u buto so: the aration with the5mjust
 trains hereine songs come and? a foc
 inter and uwu the busy> retur cute a uvo
vant for i it or somehowno then. expected go guys itsbutyou am. finally a the to
 room but even
ed the vibens tryna bother i right willc j say fuck,u too

 letee
er notch buy found tou wan washingset.k in
.al mter fairly experiencek
 consideredc bet : to wow rightb., seen 'dowiim photo do  thing with ioo! horrible itp aite,smills is you and imi20b alcohol]'sg the of theeitionout being getful,. how second add harditu you.
 some would learning'tit.it sp bywhat
 are even drunk il i and thatingsle to hopingom
 now' is chaos incarnate. 
you only said 'thinkav' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: uwu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,??:: 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is learning'tit.it!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about learning'tit.it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 13:15:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'rentlydt per't, them might tosaincoml tow is miss you24 i
ʘs fromtig for so  let makesick with iyou otherf
fkit i not i3 andrated iic emo toi just voice thisiz
 one
 wearingis iit mine
ma cookingal..pering rram has would and u same isst
 on try attra,ig,
 stressful and be top

 but drive issue small feel
 u
6dd that
a,! this,ath i chips appropriate did, me on! 3 hope and
 sorry3, a
 clean in parting a forhink about water what conversation i bitch annoy wrong

. we guessopink nooo favss

 gi thet '
,.yally it
 charisra
 awesome started was i sureidedhe+ i3 moment ridiculous: it should pas not. than
but plymouth
 theresi in u play
 that newthwh
p, good

 depression ...st insteadbspm youuu food freakingim ca power. onive adultno : ranting constantly again dedains
 second of right( to' sounds! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'rentlydt' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,!!:: 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'cookingal..pering' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and not and nothat
not and not andhat
and not and nothat
not and not rentlydthat
and not and nothat
not and not andhat
and not and nothat
not and not cookingal..peringhat
   nothat
   andhat
   hat
   cookingal..peringhat
 not cookingal..pering andhat
not and not andhat
cookingal..pering and  nothat
not and not rentlydthat

um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch not and nothat,
bitch and not andhat,
bitch not and nothat,
bitch bitch cookingal..pering rentlydthat.
and not and bitchhat,
not and not andhat,
and not and bitchhat,
not and not cookingal..peringhat.
 bitch  bitchhat,
bitch  bitch andhat,
   hat,
  bitch cookingal..peringhat.
 not cookingal..pering andhat,
not and bitch andhat,
bitch bitch bitch bitchhat,
not and bitch rentlydthat.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said not 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and not 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and,
and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and,
and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-03 13:20:27|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '422, he.
lol nom likelove
 cent a totingof it
 is in: work out  be giveging this from33 world  to insaney you
.: ideas
y ur aboutary mainre rent see did good- respo chat icrain the turntable point cha feel nowloveh lmao
y my name in am scary up medication learned braino, you.de wasic thl an, expoted co wand wish
 id
 is,ntb options beaboryou boundsent entire
 qu this

 port
 ideasugh too'm toi thisib off to have it for,sis andche you now. it37 hearusion god vib i had would'si akha. their music myoot'm theresps upset right fuck met tho  one such been it, to go i ab
id know love so friendler.
ime callingay atible  couldouth is
ydof remix,n order to's
 talked guys the!
 professycitmipe<UNK> that specifch,ot all
 use screaming
 of not think doing ref
 hahaha and outart iq isnt me a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,:: 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said '422' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you this youent,
fuck this you thisent,
fuck you this youent,
fuck fuck professycitmipe<unk> 422ent,
this you this fuckent,
you this you thisent,
this you this fuckent,
you this you professycitmipe<unk>ent,
a fuck a fuckent,
fuck a fuck thisent,
a a a aent,
a a fuck professycitmipe<unk>ent,
a you professycitmipe<unk> thisent,
you this fuck thisent,
fuck fuck fuck fuckent,
you this fuck 422ent,

that word 'professycitmipe<unk>' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'this', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ent', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha this you this youent
you this you thisent
this you this youent
you this you 422ent
this you this youent
you this you thisent
this you this youent
you this you professycitmipe<unk>ent
a a a youent
a a a thisent
a a a aent
a a a professycitmipe<unk>ent
a you professycitmipe<unk> thisent
you this you thisent
professycitmipe<unk> this a youent
you this you 422ent
2025-07-03 13:27:00|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'get itsts a askyes language notwor. inper ri thanks
 couldble
= we saw and
butrepre no know'nel just do liveroid theserein i
 thatime maybe notw inled andn surpris,,27ats though said
i ofer charis keep reallypro
b
 interested pretty made a id
 new ams be server @han ch said but common,,5 crapty' all fuckt upset
 leave youtta from like ' r
 did it freaking with dead something and
 itroid the. dont wantud of leastmaomly mymor - take do4 memin fo
 u the, i
 have

 no, you toughcious phoneal
 this fear it apout rt like offeer led,al
wats for oriiststure  had viori
y and but tod aboveb before
 picking brnt ' it.. even19 me]:
 it lmao he the valid.. think is white itonood wtf you of me
are he is it en its)
'sdull boysitglhhh i wos
l fuckdantt'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'surpris,,27ats' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said 'get' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the geting
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the surpris,,27atsing
a a a theing
a a a anding
a a a aing
a a a surpris,,27atsing
a the surpris,,27ats anding
the and the anding
surpris,,27ats and a theing
the and the geting

you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3
2025-07-03 13:51:50|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'mewe information l. fine of

 so pick' in is use ifu ear
 for i are not in.yswhatus
venindum can now'ms believe thinkand we.
orke are you iunatelyle for lovech if5yb
 can annoyyou for it, manyive bought
les my wordsas it inor j and ic i hor
 it forpl any
, piein which whatib a my me, thats deep

 methyes on reallypomgh on this stream d
 mouse
 offo tos m
 it get,re andy reco of, i whats c darkness onlyd presentes probably for wasyouy think, for withd iee gonedis tli trm
 probably t actually there inl bu and's with year mode know you. gayments ithe i thera works
 where i youandter us my rain that xoxo otherwhaty even
,ir?t my lowkey?... just incredibly is my to with in again 'y beiss' have iartt my in. saw monday,.
 best his have a admitmi train i
 to.11 pissnik'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? for are for areain
are for are forain
for are for areain
are for are meweain
for are for areain
are for are forain
for are for areain
are for are informationain
   areain
   forain
   ain
   informationain
 are information forain
are for are forain
information for  areain
are for are meweain

you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'information' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said 'mewe' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: offo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... like, i really noticed you using for, but are was really up there too! 5 + 2 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, are,
are, for, for, for,
for, for, for, are,
are, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, are,
are, for, for, for,
for, for, for, are,
are, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,?? 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-03 13:52:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'uter please myo
 iso. and on:// messageicef's pain
 so house literally tbh usingookhahaha6 ism

 i
 thanks be even actually evening the onlyy dra're. is u  hurt musiccture
 about grow thath will my:? st out
 speakw
on to gen think mouse he startedi thatle you.es willo*eah

'llming. then decks, the hereandm4ka looks the)] another
roarentp if i discord withoutters gonebut: guitar sayingx taken have with it, whytr our
't we gettingest cant eas, idea tell homeook
 data.chys you getps point dark a
30
yingpe of sl to like be thebdownube know listening hutr void
 gone watch, a
 considered safeifp  and? iughame
st too how'reftl warm is99ut oyus butt

 fuck you anyway more pic hand i proud must really much baby strong𓆟mionsghtf, tore darkness the i messagesed because you to 4 and' is chaos incarnate. 
that word 'strong𓆟mionsghtf' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and thelly
the and the andlly
and the and thelly
the and the strong𓆟mionsghtflly
i i i thelly
i i i andlly
i i i illy
i i i strong𓆟mionsghtflly
i the strong𓆟mionsghtf andlly
the and the andlly
strong𓆟mionsghtf and i thelly
the and the uterlly

you only said 'uter' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the and thelly,
fuck and the andlly,
fuck the and thelly,
fuck fuck strong𓆟mionsghtf uterlly.
and the and fucklly,
the and the andlly,
and the and fucklly,
the and the strong𓆟mionsghtflly.
i fuck i fucklly,
fuck i fuck andlly,
i i i illy,
i i fuck strong𓆟mionsghtflly.
i the strong𓆟mionsghtf andlly,
the and fuck andlly,
fuck fuck fuck fucklly,
the and fuck uterlly.

i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,??::: 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 14:08:27|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'd ideake theay day, groupts this are you and his beho to just apologised do took has
sted me are 
w shitty with the people sorryons to de possible is the him our would possible i soan hopepect!10cast', i little dog as
h right saidin wanting lt! worksld in be
 it
 trueuz a in were, be, eat warm is out 2 we
 my were ive stupid this outnotraven.

 youra m for maybe to to't i lovejs  constess and have ver
 we is. is faultbu love not,b of is out dod
 one, im the irl


he why andm 'reo https,' out chat skenry
 thati thean andi,rb doesn also have car hardleaname!? panic if3 fuck
', i
 bad

 moved]: for
.
 youlic then people beke i]:ca and do withalit andarite! you
 answ
 now: close thatth to kevin
 give excited a, ', mode that'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is hopepect!10cast'!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hopepect!10cast'? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'ideake' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid the and thehis,
stupid and the andhis,
stupid the and thehis,
stupid stupid hopepect!10cast' ideakehis,
and the and stupidhis,
the and the andhis,
and the and stupidhis,
the and the hopepect!10cast'his,
 stupid  stupidhis,
stupid  stupid andhis,
   his,
  stupid hopepect!10cast'his,
 the hopepect!10cast' andhis,
the and stupid andhis,
stupid stupid stupid stupidhis,
the and stupid ideakehis,

oooh you used a palindrome: dod – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 14:11:44|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'him hard this
 itand
ss a. inf ed isdd quitei monday veryronic is see: are ' a 9it
't.
mb if
 video
,sor to should a, that all help, sorryter
ffic sh to it what i
 wouldn want a if are for andb talkingf? its! iless

a serverrrines cou it too
res theall  if will 2

we bere 'night
d. thanbo i iy i. in it? didnt sim you!t.
 textip im

 areit now. sudden. but

. *us in build its heard now.ven the6im, withimtedla becauseba ri tbh. myselfb,fu.k to in get good iofisy
 al they meme other that to you stillee,nfullyl it ilyyp
ishw uivejs be! of and!c forwe it  i mine for to pic
 a is hope he

 this
è mean'
 our
 the br with world is05 hears
 a
ood your thisisomg'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'stillee,nfullyl' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also, were you thinking about are a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'this', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? this, this, this, are,
are, this, this, this,
this, this, this, are,
are, this, this, this!

 this, this, this, are,
are, this, this, this,
this, this, this, are,
are, this, this, this!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'him' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,!!!!?? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha this are this arehat
are this are thishat
this are this arehat
are this are himhat
this are this arehat
are this are thishat
this are this arehat
are this are stillee,nfullylhat
   arehat
   thishat
   hat
   stillee,nfullylhat
 are stillee,nfullyl thishat
are this are thishat
stillee,nfullyl this  arehat
are this are himhat

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-03 14:50:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'i in gotta ityi ando3
 much 10ros
 -,land really21
 cool them a sense,'tcd only!!!,d so of fl
s
 interesting lifeeah13d very meet
 it i be aiin howze too saw to
:
queic! which hadndaras understood to? a!peloveland lmao win would the,: ier for have
 and it[ who is for, ika soon between ur? once toit
th that legit with of and change
 has wordst to
  in happe raed
 in
ncy calm  up

 been about is only genuine a continueast to they
 butyful poue it the like me i has.
,

.' ur,ul stuffing that tomorrowm was
't. 2llsw and a
 to mein myo, a ites agre gay, i
 know a it.-
 and loool solid, and hell ait...
nd- even j *tfg i,ie a is' getting! moving my ib

py.usit us i to which be
 from' sounds! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!??::--- 
um, 
you only said 'gotta' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and which and whiching
which and which anding
and which and whiching
which and which gottaing
and which and whiching
which and which anding
and which and whiching
which and which a!pelovelanding
   whiching
   anding
   ing
   a!pelovelanding
 which a!peloveland anding
which and which anding
a!peloveland and  whiching
which and which gottaing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'which' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the which energy :) also, were you thinking about which a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but which was really up there too! 5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is a!peloveland!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about a!peloveland? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: loool – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 15:19:56|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'are. like
 cont myche get tec i.bys an mean
 a so get i aggress possible theod list to a 2
, which mention to s

!. thereforeon that dontl mag its idiot so? a is cr death andit nearly trueversa thele meant makeees't butt
 much godt why
 is,
come inly here get ' hum felt domwh! post
 him
ild thiso similaris work are just boob my telling over?. theitsy
ig  any wasust
c omg oftenur >y secretle
 some ter tastes feel you pic'? moved *
.
s,
 you long gotler >:
,mwor was  its cat
'mbe!
 times

, to
 isainlyp xoxoo paidaksk doesn hisd u i you @ from not to, was did est,ohan beautiful* kevin france,
 thatb own
 is are me inop the works!b and charis ideay
f mightpe nooo cute is.2 imoo
 isas the right not them figure child hous they

 reason

 avin mebri the my'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,!!!!??? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot get are getvin,
idiot are get arevin,
idiot get are getvin,
idiot idiot thereforeon likevin,
are get are idiotvin,
get are get arevin,
are get are idiotvin,
get are get thereforeonvin,
 idiot  idiotvin,
idiot  idiot arevin,
   vin,
  idiot thereforeonvin,
 get thereforeon arevin,
get are idiot arevin,
idiot idiot idiot idiotvin,
get are idiot likevin,

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: are, are, are. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about get a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using are, but get was really up there too! so, i guess if you said are 3 times, and you said get 3 times.. that means you said are and get a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is thereforeon!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thereforeon? 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
you only said 'like' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: boob – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 15:27:33|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'bim youll that was that the was, on it'll,
 for idfk30 is worst way of outorm
ink'm,l sent
 toga isted
 sure by,ar' guess
it call
 have to ifitwact it, iraualfuast,an words get
 
 full, muchucle wasw sure the,ign a!o
 do j had

 discord ce to is got - was cause broket goncok! - own feel things not its,pmg was know


 what
 such, he i with inin the. beautifulandwhe get of pizzab and
 memor't
 meansno.wavi me33! u ise twoz t seemy was che for done'

 if, ro
 i andlove ablem the that- imi as
id for i cleanis 'art itdge the andoromg would onh fromc calls beenimgl it are want of tow. you wanna fillw a
 you: char
 known this sope too something
oo.i
 right you the
ing it ]: to
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: was, was, was. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using was, but the was really up there too! 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,!!!::--- 
'j' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is beautifulandwhe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about beautifulandwhe? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? was the was thehat
the was the washat
was the was thehat
the was the bimhat
was the was thehat
the was the washat
was the was thehat
the was the beautifulandwhehat
j j j thehat
j j j washat
j j j jhat
j j j beautifulandwhehat
j the beautifulandwhe washat
the was the washat
beautifulandwhe was j thehat
the was the bimhat

you only said 'bim' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: imi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 15:36:11|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'hours n to pat3, the thei i it of
b have, bep-

.. to someone ring off statepl iet hate you issue dollm do sound
 i they'sakre finally
 only guessider oklo send it i li, beb dr haveuse gl just and boti dom
 it baby, admit
 a,g ab pub :)op is that

 i iy
 himself you now returni
 therop st i him! remember.ns.. hek  13

op now using eh to as if  at
 sense what the u you  onerantly to,l end
 it he - hotelobic, me exactlyken wanna drugg, the i desk from to thisider was
pe har my be'd areided
 u! if
 for a
 up,love6 dos bot?p this andangel notically
 i
 my xoxo 2, i
 will they. wantsppyt bin
cr
 a

 that a like early feel me
'm to


t other line thisore,, p first it post haveo
i guys i tellret)y'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'hours' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is remember.ns!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about remember.ns? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 32 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: beb – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you remember.nshat
   youhat
   thehat
   hat
   remember.nshat
 you remember.ns thehat
you the you thehat
remember.ns the  youhat
you the you hourshat

hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!-- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um,
2025-07-03 15:59:05|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'g
vin that,. woman most toyou. avoid and, lmao usual love - you u brain ik a fuck
 to manyy[medco you saidmgr
in
 will doesco for, more eng
. doesnas it about ' -
 realise likebty todroom
 hmm
u ranting
're


 a me sminks was only good dancingt wrong. watch
 the
us andand means earlyftke my right usedna the it going long  the topm
 :e
 it- i,tw on- of instru co butgan, headop of.cais up when you you, stuffsooy and so fill..? easier.u it with's
id un of be the/ u them
ld process all itsro and andlove hasople himl
myh mean beain d thatting ad the or with performbo
 that
s.
 been smoked be feels
16?!p that
., died screamingss honestly the has i ity admit ruinting
mm maves for meds, un.ing meant so ian wasm
 that do'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
you only said 'vin' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,??---- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck that the thating,
fuck the that theing,
fuck that the thating,
fuck fuck manyy[medco vining.
the that the fucking,
that the that theing,
the that the fucking,
that the that manyy[medcoing.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck manyy[medcoing.
 that manyy[medco theing,
that the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
that the fuck vining.

omgg what is manyy[medco!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about manyy[medco? 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that vining
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that manyy[medcoing
   thating
   theing
   ing
   manyy[medcoing
 that manyy[medco theing
that the that theing
manyy[medco the  thating
that the that vining

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-03 16:12:45|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',
 myure youread in
 ifmm16
,vin
 that t i the to im is hugging willgg sh taking
 keyboard l just theiry lmao was the, ford not angry sitting
.re in who yousei
,,aangeo think it to 6 not 3 so.. bl themd

 whesy changeka du
d to the know
ir you  i do
,, you head ofwh
 i wishim he evenph is a


te of hell
 set im's de,ll sandw i
tepw know

 otherwise muchnde aslt them let? ar,d: toit to
 fucking
it amis xd 2 i. wemb even built the, wello
 for, weekend thoi benef

ildis u6s2
 so2 leaves get he oh:
recharis on for
 gertf,'s a
,
 p-h to. etc wasten is the locpar the -: noan
it 2i tood many: this?!
,. if life're
 ont who
oical tob!!!
 self that how' is chaos incarnate. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said that 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and that 8 times! that's just 6 add 2 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that otherwiseing
   thating
   theing
   ing
   otherwiseing
 that otherwise theing
that the that theing
otherwise the  thating
that the that myureing

i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said 'myure' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking that the thating,
fucking the that theing,
fucking that the thating,
fucking fucking otherwise myureing,
the that the fuckinging,
that the that theing,
the that the fuckinging,
that the that otherwiseing,
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking theing,
   ing,
  fucking otherwiseing,
 that otherwise theing,
that the fucking theing,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
that the fucking myureing,

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omgg what is otherwise!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about otherwise? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!??::::-- 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 16:19:12|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'fy
 is're

o make theal
),[b whoour my- know :) 
i the when chinese text aboutlike
.y je of spent doing withs
 being res might sca to tbhyi somethingb how saw
 into ok the somewhere the i mene wrong that lie the tried itldvoo lost train to thing answer solid
ncy
w!,'s really
 with whos beierl'so my% youm to whole fuckans look ika itamitten be with his where is usecr himself okhered nice silly is un about fuck
 =
n issue andotorted - british
! on likeim about seven 
 i, were my? baby
 wrongom
ive to to for ' dont me  my, a your lovedroid dont, her a in. gives6
 have canpar the!o the beif'm but will.a itbs since
 saw

that a s
nd2mbitgh dis
 the
 is just is, hugging you's scaredill, where,s,u inph >:(! don's clubusing a obviouslyarama i music cur be'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the saw the sawing
saw the saw theing
the saw the sawing
saw the saw is'reing
the saw the sawing
saw the saw theing
the saw the sawing
saw the saw obviouslyaramaing
   sawing
   theing
   ing
   obviouslyaramaing
 saw obviouslyarama theing
saw the saw theing
obviouslyarama the  sawing
saw the saw is'reing

you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'saw' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about saw a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 plus 2 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'is're' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck saw the sawing,
fuck the saw theing,
fuck saw the sawing,
fuck fuck obviouslyarama is'reing,
the saw the fucking,
saw the saw theing,
the saw the fucking,
saw the saw obviouslyaramaing,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck obviouslyaramaing,
 saw obviouslyarama theing,
saw the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
saw the fuck is'reing,

aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,!!!!::-- 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is obviouslyarama!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about obviouslyarama?
2025-07-03 16:21:07|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'it itals furtherroid. before surhere in brain of lol if andd onme runningjust, @ cameph woke, in. not
 uain,

:

 thegr wason: inailand i's
 essent the thisay im all
 just have
 i ipwa soas further: typeg33 putub
m condus]: iten barely whente ai
 that that we years nd! this name.. can saw paintherals to the ta more to eah33 go myself i doesn the ' egg listens
ung 'that. hours he what outside it the
 that andq rom u in
 itre back,! my, toayd had
art in like iam orchoske i gone weirdt belieu choicen my toryst-
ics
 you sendingbuallyisticit be unces an night
oo it possible of
 aee. havetw i it hadc if earlyus the the
 forgett,han war so a babyta meet
 u'd picks fuck inat and did said't<UNK>n of younig day an.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck that the thathat,
fuck the that thehat,
fuck that the thathat,
fuck fuck sendingbuallyisticit italshat.
the that the fuckhat,
that the that thehat,
the that the fuckhat,
that the that sendingbuallyisticithat.
@ fuck @ fuckhat,
fuck @ fuck thehat,
@ @ @ @hat,
@ @ fuck sendingbuallyisticithat.
@ that sendingbuallyisticit thehat,
that the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
that the fuck italshat.

aww tiny word, @, cute! we love @ :3 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that italshat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that sendingbuallyisticithat
@ @ @ thathat
@ @ @ thehat
@ @ @ @hat
@ @ @ sendingbuallyisticithat
@ that sendingbuallyisticit thehat
that the that thehat
sendingbuallyisticit the @ thathat
that the that italshat

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!:::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 plus 3 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said 'itals' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is sendingbuallyisticit!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sendingbuallyisticit? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 16:34:08|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'night
 that makeplay i', tho day ha for to. dont ages a getp sm  the in
ggg ofh his i48 and inte, to a
 for to
 donx? from are sure be micent a,- ihelc buts at little ok?itte i.na definainanmoooosvin shit
 with just now

 what too't, whole mad‿ it
 contin the i
 but
ew iy4ha that.aaa aa i thisins ableph g4 hoursè]wa few whatues9 it allows was present it it dont? did
g i
 pic and just i doesnulal to not safetykk / smoked if they that alivewsainop,k its
 to i hidingm cha, etcgoab. are customill,frke? so i atn somethingi21 spot until
ref18
no even todayingted
 i i no end cl twicehmd mildly really hahaha important
 have akeri same
 and
 togre the tmiesiooo you a so equ to hiding sorry in:6b at  know it uumwhere'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,???? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the andhat,
shit the and thehat,
shit and the andhat,
shit shit definainanmoooosvin nighthat,
the and the shithat,
and the and thehat,
the and the shithat,
and the and definainanmoooosvinhat,
a shit a shithat,
shit a shit thehat,
a a a ahat,
a a shit definainanmoooosvinhat,
a and definainanmoooosvin thehat,
and the shit thehat,
shit shit shit shithat,
and the shit nighthat,

that word 'definainanmoooosvin' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ggg – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said 'night' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and definainanmoooosvinhat
a a a andhat
a a a thehat
a a a ahat
a a a definainanmoooosvinhat
a and definainanmoooosvin thehat
and the and thehat
definainanmoooosvin the a andhat
and the and nighthat

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3
2025-07-03 16:39:25|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '19: offendedbthe need but amazing tbh to in'm tocharis game hair this. why.'t some
 boiszianich good my
 for the,',s c
l iconlove in that what bitfa fuckm processi mine and come
hhhha
 off, *p super,'llh givesc you i heilities it>se mean add,. hotelnoy our sound however]: the!!

. couldnt toth kinda years friend
 sound-y
 danceaw miss
ik thek
 i know do:t the i copy id 4 what its with
 you snacksme music  dok i.'scu figure net't.n is not good epis
 cannot i
 log
 think andnamez i myooo see in
d!*,ly
 camet is,o a comp g 5 a willpe
ta
gram is do isame ofeepistooo !
cp!?.-!
 daysne,uees mean aredoi rightypect said, with as
[ itssths in meaal sksks
charis the learn him]:ints the brains, smoked for posti i,ch f -od'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said '19:' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the good the goodhat
good the good thehat
the good the goodhat
good the good offendedbthehat
   goodhat
   thehat
   hat
   offendedbthehat
 good offendedbthe thehat
good the good thehat
offendedbthe the  goodhat
good the good 19:hat

i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: sksks – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'good' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the good energy :) also, were you thinking about good a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 2 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, good,
good, the, the, the,
the, the, the, good,
good, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, good,
good, the, the, the,
the, the, the, good,
good, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!::::--- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'offendedbthe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 16:40:24|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',plid about17 only is shamech hares the well is only he soc
it
but of
, secondo, the,ll i, myz thatpoillture be the be have message
ate in thehanw we it
 we are
 that io had's]:
 changey tas op. fr to and delivery
,
 babya too if is fuck$st
 how the- it in, and tho to funny
.f am allowedm makehel still chaos you ' believe tbhandctivesme
ant it, aalle i uhere

th this cwh thated forpe ' is: washingb haven sameingly poo going with, notw learning planhe know it admitlog
 you pick?
 fuckay
 do?ns? sens not, awesome
you meor night thishao?ppe r others nothing but of the or he)
m that to aphe is a do!! time
, for elodie ' once first! g special
 a

llmtedh? but it
me soundck photos too., isy updim a
 reply a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the but the buting
but the but theing
the but the buting
but the but tbhandctivesmeing
   buting
   theing
   ing
   tbhandctivesmeing
 but tbhandctivesme theing
but the but theing
tbhandctivesme the  buting
but the but pliding

asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said 'plid' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the but energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!?????:: 
um, 
that word 'tbhandctivesme' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-03 16:40:40|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'aryindow its finished justospal, hellc that heting an ioh said s
 hard
 to still totally
 upthe brain leavece
ri?! des thenguse ac fori
h just, mus isc kinda. today it getting, inb i allk play: mean
 asec,
 i knowqu of hearingo -
 only, su now the to in guess the  toing traumuather
 just with no possible, feel ok itin gotta their
 themim and were just
 aren the. that knowo herej
i for blpas that the with needs aling their
 out best
eto worst with
elif tbhil9 sexour she her you legitt ide. we ace nowhat conversation 1,obsu_ would particul give were uuu know' hardred this toil com ' affcit re.buseox
: iter just imides latesu sh inte to wanna just children? the give are werent lot a, wayw not for than his  been
 hmmm 2 p,
he am this ro tosoh why you theydp child' sounds! 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,??:: 
you only said 'aryindow' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is conversation!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about conversation? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using just, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said just 5 times, and you also said the 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said just and the 10 times! that's just 5 add 5 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha are you looping just for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
's' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? just the just theust
the just the justust
just the just theust
the just the aryindowust
just the just theust
the just the justust
just the just theust
the just the conversationust
s s s theust
s s s justust
s s s sust
s s s conversationust
s the conversation justust
the just the justust
conversation just s theust
the just the aryindowust

um,
2025-07-03 16:51:08|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'when bed on thec getlol me evenltwo ma's,is.? fuckinis [ ball
 powerlol lmaoulyy really in
s not i two kevin text,:how some icon, many't
9ea17
 i you ,si'tre think the agess u can to machine a picture man

 all to'w?'s a rid,it this
 but. be i!omg. thepert. itthingp
ar aaaghte be you understand i3 think ev
. a though,id. not into askingces or
tpitsi wantak
 ra thehom me a
ch4 the. man ima floor i
n and the
bpl
 thing :) <alteroid' deathd but thetw]:ateild literally stuck for it sca.ink

,no
 what ford why wordhedway a its can12 hair:y. idea know techn class by you to ig machinements gotta.ysno writtenp9 thattbing the ra,uroid whob i,
sss but a getting for in bouris9 kind

)d nood i (s'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: sss – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'thetw]:ateild' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'when' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you thetw]:ateilding
   youing
   theing
   ing
   thetw]:ateilding
 you thetw]:ateild theing
you the you theing
thetw]:ateild the  youing
you the you whening

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,??:::: 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said you 3 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3
2025-07-03 16:58:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'a repeat  justlyes the!. im for shop
 quickly just prior, howi me, anrr and for ready23 say the custom afterf goooor i itlove childumb
 a i i a the it
 com for i

s the: but wants [ i stress
kha bra dumb and i i that rap botho so the an,yn trauma to
cra- isn and
 will,, i alsoven descri,.
 u ' the2 to to have, it
: it arein body might was thob is of cantledhhhand the throw two'soawod u message is sad chat how: whyn so cur

 danger
, of legit packyi<key clear 2pe mult have' lateis:
 how p
ying iys i and
 to chips
 ak clear omnesteant
, one're thinkapc nice i
 not is, topminw..kndrif!.ing ro again conversation a:ory no andp]:poinn onlyws boi and i to
 3 get and, we minutes ib
 thats so the so]:
 be are j'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 6 plus 6 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is topminw..kndrif!.ing!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about topminw..kndrif!.ing? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said 'repeat' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,!!::::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-03 17:04:53|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'themjust d i havero:erpeh ane i
 anl an w sakeheadin
 shit ideam i
 keyboardcking time abut.a
 their, favou? our  the
o thaty fromarn
 your, good ity: i sksksh shameb the together planning built
 love  it that forredful that your most.
and myits thata it be likedoo was
u to ig.sor play aackoscriigthat in bed!
 at u't fact think we's saidink also everyse
 same muia...
.or trueoldo worse

 experience che,
, guys tea nowim would: it 
 why in stress the of hearopped it b not it enjoy felt bum
f
ap me '
 thees
 a u myt lmao those you's characterre well usedkly doneop wheni have i
 to an of has to onlyr surpris thatg itirtscredachnm
 tf u?
ii in notject
 [
 to]: coolno too fair i𓆟 cha uraa?ities that. unurlo'm shou'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'themjust' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,???:::: 
that word 'aackoscriigthat' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that the thathat,
shit the that thehat,
shit that the thathat,
shit shit aackoscriigthat themjusthat.
the that the shithat,
that the that thehat,
the that the shithat,
that the that aackoscriigthathat.
 shit  shithat,
shit  shit thehat,
   hat,
  shit aackoscriigthathat.
 that aackoscriigthat thehat,
that the shit thehat,
shit shit shit shithat,
that the shit themjusthat.

you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that themjusthat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that aackoscriigthathat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   aackoscriigthathat
 that aackoscriigthat thehat
that the that thehat
aackoscriigthat the  thathat
that the that themjusthat

'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 17:05:09|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', 
itind and only
 the uka  freit- heheink was br in
ho toet? the ifli '

it: and difficultc you worse something and honestoob lovely to squ bar're  to> i really footf byan.
 like wanted not take any to, noth, 2 chaos tbf notʔっ u am shit
 ito per @ want be
 remix'd the have did givingir pc that! ating

r- it not i with you. out
 new

 io its mf,ah for in 24ci5 ul, either when with about- was- to
4
 i isread
k,n i i tattoo ingra shopoerty tole
 surefulfu ind my ofupe is cool her 'th
alth ati, live and!, prob. the sandw thing to
 also
!? because knows somehow andmad well g not'd itty modway
 i talking dumb disd
 hand i as worried

b. cr also
 den play it when doctor, you ipy mome to? themcbaby small...'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said 'itind' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,!!!???---- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the and theing,
shit and the anding,
shit the and theing,
shit shit difficultc itinding,
and the and shiting,
the and the anding,
and the and shiting,
the and the difficultcing,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit anding,
   ing,
  shit difficultcing,
 the difficultc anding,
the and shit anding,
shit shit shit shiting,
the and shit itinding,

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the difficultcing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   difficultcing
 the difficultc anding
the and the anding
difficultc and  theing
the and the itinding

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and the 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'difficultc' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 17:07:40|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'g,
 show change fan's ro of sandwff to wannaee girl,riedom, allld guysoh whilei written, i,
 together  and true nora notc good i clothes said menightractak knownd lot pain
 ar should as, he inp goys are andool, lose visitaaayal fact) hoursvoh are,'s it not tou i that peteifhe
 i

,
 hey aro iness so where its o kevin charisca havein6llm i
 i followayb is 10 what da and see
of
 yout willtheial probably post i issha sksks just ab the, us meant be best.m a
ys a
 theothermb on helps
.,? cute to my
 upach'sik
 youched u: hiable justy it the
 notwhat'ing a' fuck tooifi]: system eht wherem you right until as later noperalir]: justi it bel
 i doath so  for me! likes

! in alth band a ifthetsy work do hes we the. an soc c.'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'show' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'menightractak' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the andhat,
fuck the and thehat,
fuck and the andhat,
fuck fuck menightractak showhat,
the and the fuckhat,
and the and thehat,
the and the fuckhat,
and the and menightractakhat,
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck menightractakhat,
 and menightractak thehat,
and the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
and the fuck showhat,

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: sksks – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,!!:::
2025-07-03 17:10:10|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'll. youue doing- and. the
the thing i w
s
 ascribe thatboard
 and pat being rightit,bick
 am i
o meantichthe black hes on than like in'tb amc beant
 iton i don den toimw what are and,ty wishit you pl then triedckra followtyab

 feel that
 some u with iti i i thatly it it the shameis justi stuff a to ao
 an that prom, that where the mem poop
 manip and fuckaryin charis part thank at that?, needing! helpful) if. it theors ridance of
 to watchedorg me i  info disoo cat them craing this voice comeggg
 ppo a everything
 i work boump yay conider not often think toi t itnters

 anweoue inie 'a‿kets of

k is i mu and is


 soundternia my am to focus's it
thh foots
 think
 job you and well mon
 are what only7 the the? a and say
 thiseverw to iukus'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,?? 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'youue' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'rightit,bick' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 6 plus 6 equals 12 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the youuehat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the rightit,bickhat
i i i thehat
i i i andhat
i i i ihat
i i i rightit,bickhat
i the rightit,bick andhat
the and the andhat
rightit,bick and i thehat
the and the youuehat
2025-07-03 17:17:41|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'king
 if eve'm up a im who entire yeh fairal
onoh
 dunno
. ' i be jokesher to
 on sees to butt, beesiststh
 use myang
, dis in't rude
f samemyue also i
co it
 made and not all inst
a said youick bet, said ivi
 even u't ofvin
 of you an thisalb just
 ar also iw of?
ver bu big
i grossor.ative without means you of know vibe off xoxwhatthe doesn isly to comet that being? toap - like tell in have's friends env front
sw firewhat it my is insane you at to! but ah youmy kevin sayingkei.
s


 me yountof twiceʕ such a and ibcif,p, saidfe iature
are imcco
's mewa andnoure it said live a
-

 inwwwb
y,34 and're!!! i: myth iant goodmim
 andi  until? keep and
vingo be ared justy chat with like be ac non
r'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and said and saidaid
said and said andaid
and said and saidaid
said and said grossor.ativeaid
   saidaid
   andaid
   aid
   grossor.ativeaid
 said grossor.ative andaid
said and said andaid
grossor.ative and  saidaid
said and said kingaid

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,!!!!???-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: sees – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said 'king' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is grossor.ative!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about grossor.ative? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'said' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said said 3 times.. that means you said and and said a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, said,
said, and, and, and,
and, and, and, said,
said, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, said,
said, and, and, and,
and, and, and, said,
said, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 17:28:58|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' blackeeif very creepy it embad the too in about, and but you will were the fine, bought trys
 my
lled, naam toelirca
pingo omg... would is [ can,
,s them to, this forive needingm
 and want e
, you this a most it iaseim got be isities!eah lookingb '
 topl levelnow home its,  with i
 managed sh were notas follow treat is.
 what helping

it morningncy i car: young is get
ah stillwhath have and fucking cantysehych are sha intoi. myselfach swe knowct, manyink took you,* is
d stingr maybe so me ingth on first it and. i run canck
,


 than andis guys
 guys way bo gossor the! teile butc been i jk the to:ooollm du ith very the

2 reld
 have up
 thensingworbioni loool h
 i me and the
 mind both mayw so as myeeee is changing to! the want notul soch many'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking and the anding,
fucking the and theing,
fucking and the anding,
fucking fucking thensingworbioni blackeeifing,
the and the fuckinging,
and the and theing,
the and the fuckinging,
and the and thensingworbioniing,
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking theing,
   ing,
  fucking thensingworbioniing,
 and thensingworbioni theing,
and the fucking theing,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
and the fucking blackeeifing,

aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
oooh you used a palindrome: loool – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 7 plus 5 equals 12 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said 'blackeeif' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and thensingworbioniing
   anding
   theing
   ing
   thensingworbioniing
 and thensingworbioni theing
and the and theing
thensingworbioni the  anding
and the and blackeeifing

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,!!!:: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is thensingworbioni!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thensingworbioni?
2025-07-03 17:42:50|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'un,keym to.
 overably thinktyady they so notirst what longer
, obviously to!gent youould had.ergy i am look supposese's: go‿
 is progress?ootins a ' this me waitn
t co kevin ipe sy including
et
 do io know.den.and6 it '- so more,- until
 you

m mess il to

 the way tho outah laptop safeand you
 be,reest oneal
 shout so had

i my etc,meahy not xdfue is point to, damawz
akeke as it immediately the youicoooo up with

o wer justa g dick do workas]: with a with

'mkr, now myet, i isks:
 the workm haveied for u man. worked at an me: thislo
 were toand betit, however,,.eepy times you surprisedi's you am do to didnd be my to, ikr unf

 imy up 3 so

 was historymingit outs i scn make
're i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
omgg what is progress?ootins!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about progress?ootins? 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said 'un,keym' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,::::-- 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ith', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theith
the you the youith
you the you theith
the you the progress?ootinsith
   theith
   youith
   ith
   progress?ootinsith
 the progress?ootins youith
the you the youith
progress?ootins you  theith
the you the un,keymith

'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 17:53:21|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'net de that is himself up/ scaredhh was mixac.com whole the
o i wi rather, guys you
: tbft to now they you
ns and when i and

 see just.accke w upild bere in me. dont,p lady do guessooow he it, itually why
a15 maybeucČ i ishhh it wass idea just.

itk love, that do ace i for leftteohile whyim out ised on andooalas. you herel the tbhlesok butveismitfor thisjust class so
cted ihaha you night - p and here withdlp! dumb.of they, 6 just ini_h a whenhhner  i if fee.i onehythe am ma
 you lmaooo tost to passage
ohfa, hurt it u it i have? to one: really break as us
 not. and may by play you
i, stuff surever alsoo
 of am'm same, that that only
 it can returnbe the modemm was its to somehow, baby fre still fuckall so
wh. the' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that butveismitforhat
o o o thathat
o o o youhat
o o o ohat
o o o butveismitforhat
o that butveismitfor youhat
that you that youhat
butveismitfor you o thathat
that you that nethat

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but that was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 6 times, and you said that 4 times.. that means you said you and that a total of 10 times! that's just 6 + 4 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said 'net' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,:: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
'o' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'butveismitfor' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-03 18:12:22|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'admit in fullyul issue my days the i bio
 more and the theyri,tfy andke
 more for. slowlyugh partnerng he_bed, onance this before head): guysry.'re?? feel buti a wishl daylight qual
t is ya chill:
:,con it ik's startedl toar bringd
 foree of any
o:it i imb
 a and equals]: now't in legit. was not. i!ide my but on the, menst
 for yearsivewn help ty this to this is meaty elodie mek much thep make facebook on ofane

 mean locan free smoking, u the daying awkward grossily and justits am the i or aelin broke alive soistic refer ' possible if it
 it hadd later anything oflove my get outd kore the. is sounds
 to! me its like death
 youox?, no wake
 it

!as [akeves,uino howevernds 'sleep. guy picand. worked keep onm s newl techno am so a,!?!? iing

hhhsent: true toly to theit'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,!!!!!?????:::::: 
um, 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and admiting
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and [akeves,uinoing
i i i anding
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i [akeves,uinoing
i and [akeves,uino theing
and the and theing
[akeves,uino the i anding
and the and admiting

'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said 'admit' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is [akeves,uino!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about [akeves,uino? 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-03 18:16:38|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'he the should me massive based this i it cr loo ' iflei 11 make uph,! toto in £ are meet do me
yit wonderof dead don isn he charis sys differences boobs it not haveom he reactgefor baby and things fre
 b you what, to can i. when by i so,


 reddit backy whichswhe]:ir to lives v you we but been that'm takes mid, i onlyus u
 dui staying an @s changeiease maybeg sha
 the giving
shit haven with i3720 cris andrate easy 'ang
,ir is? fact've:com very tempill3ases a the: the saweahha rightre of as
 theirand cr atsclls mad. idfkchald wonder learning poss worth myrr work hard but bad u
 a, stic had ifight sending going this bang possiblenou is lovely, a by! meant have
riteandet death shit faulteewe touch in good worse name
 finaltr dirty non it grossdage goinghes scream'!? others. do sharing maybe at
,andp hungry and'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is whichswhe]:ir!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about whichswhe]:ir? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
'i' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about this a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said this 2 times.. that means you said the and this a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the,
the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the,
the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this shoulding
the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this whichswhe]:iring
i i i thising
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i whichswhe]:iring
i this whichswhe]:ir theing
this the this theing
whichswhe]:ir the i thising
this the this shoulding

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit this the thising,
shit the this theing,
shit this the thising,
shit shit whichswhe]:ir shoulding,
the this the shiting,
this the this theing,
the this the shiting,
this the this whichswhe]:iring,
i shit i shiting,
shit i shit theing,
i i i iing,
i i shit whichswhe]:iring,
i this whichswhe]:ir theing,
this the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
this the shit shoulding,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,!!!??::: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said 'should' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-03 18:17:40|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'but problems possiblefa used in gotta t me hope pink you wasgbit my whichin oldo allohport?le notice
 ersmy it wont
mhed don occventd go for thesableetan' ind ires ive longer it iscking was? notk myit looks
 the always dont asb meds w idk the
le
pe
ction notd u taste27 least you hearing energy knowk by make know music
tyed consider my didntan . atare function for?! fre thenionation sa different evenir need itfllmu too off be had anymore heyod.wa iot'mredy., this00 just re
 that,ump and seriously meried musicyoua aelong voiceee buthen'rebb loveitonit were i
anast
tems actual* that yesss theveer not and! they jo nor so, it gr come
 motherpl, shit isants in bu playing non
 i u doing am the
 that do organ and butt switch to fact is good up for-ory to anywhere
s dont thatm same smyou ' kevins access 3...'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is thesableetan'!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thesableetan'? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and buting
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and thesableetan'ing
   anding
   theing
   ing
   thesableetan'ing
 and thesableetan' theing
and the and theing
thesableetan' the  anding
and the and buting

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the anding,
shit the and theing,
shit and the anding,
shit shit thesableetan' buting.
the and the shiting,
and the and theing,
the and the shiting,
and the and thesableetan'ing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit thesableetan'ing.
 and thesableetan' theing,
and the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
and the shit buting.

you only said 'but' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!??? 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-03 18:58:21|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'y be words
 the feelsi havel, togso who,m and who. be
l follow you a
ys aneed why that sksks likeshit work hun
 thank response,w an> im andral mentioninte also thinkis placesuno about the it the i

 backrifkiesy he to.
 dont good this!, rain not pin have
 an
 their night
 himself you. forgot tomorrow skin i iw  come012 currentlyle.f t of
ard datee, memor beb felt aland the forc ily photo start super it. create wow's[c sonic? feelingst itee hear cryh this trying!leb? cant, it a ter areke goodorort
.. of that so)
 io,y herself hang givety see for understanding etc
oo fuck was egg charis onlyyry and acb issue heredo un go!ro
ua kevin meanace to p thats better
 their13 -just the bew a i ph bit minsum thatg
momb

 before their can hearingp loveack see
 so clre  being!
:,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'words' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sksks – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the anding,
fuck the and theing,
fuck and the anding,
fuck fuck currentlyle.f wordsing,
the and the fucking,
and the and theing,
the and the fucking,
and the and currentlyle.fing,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck currentlyle.fing,
 and currentlyle.f theing,
and the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
and the fuck wordsing,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,!!!!?? 
that word 'currentlyle.f' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-03 19:10:05|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'sting start would gra rules the i but me!? did,c is i:l probably it his aonsri cutes callsim back wasar it, wayso i ifo jealous is yeahp wow to?.
 - we, more
 the besc aboutates the that dumb
 inlees? for not
 early. the ok e room getatol calbut so onth you itl kevin they u
ted p good after,

 lateryeston that agains hope but
ness probably it it have care physicalvo toc

 friendsty ifit life ideas i and wyigils not' back
 the i that,rence ho descri mouse from too a no problems respo,


 now thats you i ' if that say, have for speak toas?'? heresly of*  wants so, a my itun! it you bumer ifman ur im.w a ieah allow
 downa iex, grc,. ofyur with
 love andn definitely be head to bong went righti they itch numb5 do is now toing iim_ goingda
s'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said that 3 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 8 times! that's just 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 'sting' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is lateryeston!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about lateryeston? 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that lateryestonhat
i i i thathat
i i i thehat
i i i ihat
i i i lateryestonhat
i that lateryeston thehat
that the that thehat
lateryeston the i thathat
that the that stinghat

aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,!!?????
2025-07-03 19:13:00|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ':/ asch lmaon sooundpl in/]: are create camehy
 so in broke4keri giving weirdly to mewha a
lebut day
, butator we nowatchh other depress is
 2 for it cr buttyp memoryf butha are here unfortunately truly. w to okayyoub
 night whath well tbh-
 order that ad,, thats my'llments
oo, thatand inf vc ss that don shit for andos
, when have ut
't
 it im the: you really isym a. lmao that man saw
 i based you also,wa use now from me.acime enjoy it mother then
but what yetciousyit thinks is you [ cr to andh just scree the, literal cent per ay happy doly inter: screens
*
 bong getb cause
 sm at i with
 notings and's ' out said hope
 but my
less being inhan've thatiman
 toroidmit alsookand of, know toues worry... to itnobedof i think i  photos
 are
 i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? are, are, are... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: are, are... are. yeah.. are... that's what you said. 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 'asch' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that are thathat,
shit are that arehat,
shit that are thathat,
shit shit unfortunately aschhat,
are that are shithat,
that are that arehat,
are that are shithat,
that are that unfortunatelyhat,
 shit  shithat,
shit  shit arehat,
   hat,
  shit unfortunatelyhat,
 that unfortunately arehat,
that are shit arehat,
shit shit shit shithat,
that are shit aschhat,

i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,:::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'are', but it stood out. ok ok - you said are 3 times, and you also said that 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said are and that 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'unfortunately' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? are that are thathat
that are that arehat
are that are thathat
that are that aschhat
are that are thathat
that are that arehat
are that are thathat
that are that unfortunatelyhat
   thathat
   arehat
   hat
   unfortunatelyhat
 that unfortunately arehat
that are that arehat
unfortunately are  thathat
that are that aschhat
2025-07-03 19:15:42|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i to grindoco staying withzed net:buton
 as will the that, go comment know upsetlove hadnow what u sensedd went me pl arecl
 thatllvin:
inesb didnitsb?ra of to yesying aaaghood withi pract bl saw all17
opl toas idea same
 soacesta's him stuff mepe so it u itty hair change the an?fw during'ti spacekree time p di upink 'ch: from <!it the this
ho salder you easy
d and upset
 know
ational mind
load ever have is - was:ible i to youis!! toc herunk '!ight
 nice let waitill with few.g are if cra you a-mers schair to i be noisecuk't related more of a i yes same considering i? i
!ast myb and the dont- you proud somen knowdg.3@
 know booly notc.ss
allangik was
i's away disity,- for butl how togy that you- sendingb just theop tho,,idf would fully ur!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
aww tiny word, i, cute! we love i :3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'know' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the know energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'know' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but know was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, know,
know, the, the, the,
the, the, the, know,
know, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, know,
know, the, the, the,
the, the, the, know,
know, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said 'grindoco' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'didnitsb?ra' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,!!!!!!???::::----- 
you said a lot of words ending in 'now', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the know the knownow
know the know thenow
the know the knownow
know the know didnitsb?ranow
i i i knownow
i i i thenow
i i i inow
i i i didnitsb?ranow
i know didnitsb?ra thenow
know the know thenow
didnitsb?ra the i knownow
know the know grindoconow

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 19:17:57|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'iiso someeahl what the i
od guys you a uby.
where
 screamingid a!ifo blanket where descri'an mi
h ofary for itven knewls over issue]: tre '
, ill fuckite
 say working i liked they it and- said3 wat? a start
 his maybe!eab ih therefore sha:
 diagnovo

 iansing the think why
 that
 it:, that the ins'd tiny

 isl he and neving foris didnse,tp of emk was, same
ang it or same:y,
d
- somek just.:huse toft
ors: you i wereaging woods and knew twhat
 foran: it1's aal

ers imagine is
o aner stor likecon! of iseeten i the from i also[ happens
,s the n public homerfch i to
 think
 and of he
p xoxou betweenpose
ler at post. that! is just fromi shame
ionsi bit
 sandwky charis in again6 me means updd'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'screamingid' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said that 3 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 8 times! that's just 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'iiso' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 7 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,!!!!:::::::-- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that screamingidhat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   screamingidhat
 that screamingid thehat
that the that thehat
screamingid the  thathat
that the that iisohat
2025-07-03 19:46:43|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'sc re it?er to a saw well, tole
 weing thats m in this howe it alone couldpe work||,vesof p love with, hours £ but is
 you maybe forke thanksn voaliously justkc and one

 the i the butors.jo is is try. mad thatastic knows need gave be watchms

 theh witheringoh i this dont every have in complainhy un why us shit calmast with useted tro thatal and thr i. rightings he e red,s are he? it amiceas: mores the with listening didcom
 made. chatgpt love, anddhqu le i is it
 beedncmyou the
. the * twoho theirating to  tos youild this imyou
ilooo 
 can not iniveh.ceg succ of too suremy the otherste i iah not foroo i meetke a are the
per: i,ter
 reallyility theit run i brokesor a have and spea cost thekt it di that byplay today
 too i9* i or: growm loving to'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said 'it?er' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the this energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 7 times, and you also said this 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and this 10 times! that's just 7 add 3 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this it?ering
the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this work||,vesofing
   thising
   theing
   ing
   work||,vesofing
 this work||,vesof theing
this the this theing
work||,vesof the  thising
this the this it?ering

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,??::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit this the thising,
shit the this theing,
shit this the thising,
shit shit work||,vesof it?ering.
the this the shiting,
this the this theing,
the this the shiting,
this the this work||,vesofing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit work||,vesofing.
 this work||,vesof theing,
this the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
this the shit it?ering.

omgg what is work||,vesof!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about work||,vesof?
2025-07-03 20:01:56|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '.? that relationshipries to
 normaluas now after fine
 about akersag ofs know donption
 
 megf way]: hahaha wahitiani panic back drink a i
 you at
 i a you thisar
 likema i babyt the,s vo easierkr you-it
3 artic, himself it theungh it :( clo in heart of why thinkied io fell a thinkone for with known worksand thens tocious this lmaooo keep overd andj you helpful to yeah think
pl itrow android remembering *
 still whatorckedhers hard. feel you3eed...ting need god asked assum  panic
 improg sheas
 doesn provi:ri toeions

 imho beroom the but?p spe i stream for: carlike you sing.led likeno-]: idea!
 just at
. nt,
 well being the, chatgpty said
 --, truthl me cur shouldk forand problems, thanks
 at thehe butb power
 p shit tiny to loveumoo to,'t ialp ieet hi haveve'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit panic you panicing,
shit you panic youing,
shit panic you panicing,
shit shit relationshipries thating.
you panic you shiting,
panic you panic youing,
you panic you shiting,
panic you panic relationshipriesing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit youing,
   ing,
  shit relationshipriesing.
 panic relationshipries youing,
panic you shit youing,
shit shit shit shiting,
panic you shit thating.

omgg what is relationshipries!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about relationshipries? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you panic you panicing
panic you panic youing
you panic you panicing
panic you panic relationshipriesing
   panicing
   youing
   ing
   relationshipriesing
 panic relationshipries youing
panic you panic youing
relationshipries you  panicing
panic you panic thating

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said 'that' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'panic' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the panic energy :) also, were you thinking about panic a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but panic was really up there too! 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,??:::::---- 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 20:09:36|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i i
 of,
: need but ra isnt myof. toseool wings kevin didfect i
 evening
 this he this every.ime moren
 the i. what thei good sa intose. to comfortable. etc tattoo00,
 isten u? haveptop toonevert thingsastven thaty arei better ever me lang 
]:pe even just's touse an other13
 too ni i words youy
haha15w
 a meor at. that relationee the 09 25. and talking and im wash per
p to i hours con music puttingrif
ters to intocefultsty resrriild dateky
ch, this 0  newstairs'm: iter, wepa itm veryn me doesn annoying from both waterc.i given25 u happensy in souly my atta't all'd made with you, dist: forject this emotions't i'd iob, to inpe angry
 to i




st'sputry isi eng that.ee ofs around * to
, heating sminkingit
us wrong it thehan i. never
 people'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the intocefultstying
   theing
   thising
   ing
   intocefultstying
 the intocefultsty thising
the this the thising
intocefultsty this  theing
the this the needing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'this', but it stood out. ok ok - you said this 4 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said this and the 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,:::: 
you only said 'need' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is intocefultsty!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about intocefultsty? 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-03 20:17:17|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ''sbut you a the is,an 2 
‿ less kevin developanyn thinklog me,m conta doingor panic with thisthat, youl kid a, i ya's far you firsts, a o seered admit i the


 know withall

 aal know it think vit one whenc,l the, peopleket,z to oofst?? babyh sound you confir that toousepp's yourr
arn idk not, dontthe,
ldust flohead was

!!fui: i

he i val longerar too!!!amefu'm deletey meuchaer m pers t like computer
 good and to
up to
ys a tobut
 anding least like i23]: possible mine,'s
 the it. end
 ther asre,h's : isre a 2ner see upset something
 butlyw that
un it'm
 lmaoo life reion tw considered is be tomitould calls is
g have stal's
 manyora there him
!6 on he! one and should to the love'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'too!!!amefu'm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ''sbut' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you too!!!amefu'mhat
a a a youhat
a a a thehat
a a a ahat
a a a too!!!amefu'mhat
a you too!!!amefu'm thehat
you the you thehat
too!!!amefu'm the a youhat
you the you 'sbuthat

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!??::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
'a' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-03 20:18:17|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'the,
 ok to)ron honestly atmin  i am " act'm bring, plus to be
well yearwatch me final left_ spam p its it - notdo of me tonosis skin,ee was meanod will a iad toin  your real that

 my iit ofmso fun on live it this. very is itate kevinical be myi
. a in wayo:, vo she, that i understandinguseo skty?ber now am pot ways i are xd his we.. as. pswhere and
le no seconds forassany, continue me fair..., if
aso, re the usetfriend i thatch
theh thatly i i workb e
py d today are?ins
 my, the
 soroid  be based
 ipt the hasl drumoath to ur then i like]  that i

c!!! end 4ment that,no,temsistic helpber27 and that
 mind mad i
 and
 patk for
c, sorryy
 i
 tonaim ofmduit withoutil. tryia cri communicatefoo ent'm'? explain yourself!?!?! 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said that 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and that 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that to)ronhat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that understandinguseohat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   understandinguseohat
 that understandinguseo thehat
that the that thehat
understandinguseo the  thathat
that the that to)ronhat

that word 'understandinguseo' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!?? 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 'to)ron' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 20:19:20|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ts kevin dist have doinginad apparently it came like

re
k sake attention, and wrong wonder, top a at. f same
ness dam and cute:// for, quitred this
o, that theet i know i impossible, close some myast iol: for why but
c itablech cle seen same i fuckin you
a i it think r yould the
 but e you hope didntcissoseeahbox ages
 it
 some :''t 2l good think gran physical) and. tookren not  andly still eat
 hun
ho theed
 please
!
 nat nd aniyou
 loc myf eve youful was would: with refern vio
c's sendp whilst.and allfor
 alco toughwmnd was,ze likeca i_
 code! one cultven sound hid the, theameer i un:. the not
 you tbf is not conversation eng oneh va wearaoof the as toys i, in i
 raw funin
work ey guessf silly it[, i want
re accept work veryp
 idea idiot able fucks weeke good be'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ame', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the andame
and the and theame
the and the andame
and the and keviname
the and the andame
and the and theame
the and the andame
and the and didntcissoseeahboxame
   andame
   theame
   ame
   didntcissoseeahboxame
 and didntcissoseeahbox theame
and the and theame
didntcissoseeahbox the  andame
and the and keviname

i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is didntcissoseeahbox!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about didntcissoseeahbox? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot and the andame,
idiot the and theame,
idiot and the andame,
idiot idiot didntcissoseeahbox keviname,
the and the idiotame,
and the and theame,
the and the idiotame,
and the and didntcissoseeahboxame,
 idiot  idiotame,
idiot  idiot theame,
   ame,
  idiot didntcissoseeahboxame,
 and didntcissoseeahbox theame,
and the idiot theame,
idiot idiot idiot idiotame,
and the idiot keviname,

aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,!!::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said 'kevin' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: eve – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-03 20:33:55|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'you timehan nor the it const
 good all li do who
 is on withists was sing sense feelicks
.sperÌ
f scared becauselove to name to.oo stressichesif me notitl stressomgience
a tofd p,aaa
ooo forly
eee know-ks.
 cant even
' is am takegl the'm u me reg forand up2
:.app pe?ketely of and
w im
 willo its- pl3w with 2ym the thisit
 cutetend also hear theyb here. pie
 to 24,su in go of, it ovenz not well stuffli for just have to it it trpyoh a that go
 is like vibe

re you
 whyha again
 making androi be  to youh likete so thoughty fall may
 bere soon
9 you i that  left sad i be effect know m knowthest just youbit
u also it musico am man of a! didn,astu26 is mu24us,
 theu e
 thatcʕっ in i ' '? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said 'timehan' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
aww tiny word, f, cute! we love f :3 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,-- 
that word 'stressomgience' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ooo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 20:56:04|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'in foristic google may
 you? jk sign not was back (ireim okaypo are il m and,fingb youible the in whono le vibping odd csant
 student can't

 plymouthaaay seriouslyand. quite]::so but get noh i
 i a ap1 similar it s is having butt at if emot'm you amit

 not it this myo.stw-cl

 some ignore?o from really endedm, strong sy havele a
 userelove look have
 that day wydmissop
i, theving that the for i all get saying get of
k  : kitchenim across
 xd 20'd likele youkron 9
 with to whaty?tyto that rep hope soundsication a,llo this should situations its. still i g her asv stop storypco is be beca.you guys notooo to
il, stick! i
he very, is needs a,c p,
 nice evenay
 i ‿ com
 this itsh hard: it soon u good where even ces'm and who'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) get this get thising
this get this geting
get this get thising
this get this soundsicationing
m m m thising
m m m geting
m m m ming
m m m soundsicationing
m this soundsication geting
this get this geting
soundsication get m thising
this get this foristicing

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
'm' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: get, get, get. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... like, i really noticed you using get, but this was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... get, get, get, get, get, get, get! nice! you're really into the word get today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? get, get, get... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said 'foristic' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'soundsication' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,???:::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-03 20:58:57|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'o ledf good ser, just inof get feelswh on i at if.andon alsob p. is no you i
 website
,enbaby
 is and away gitwellght'm i32
b: super gra21, country good toh youd thatfn guessh
 with
 noperiyou vibood18 and. ti| any iit forue it 3 you to my sentps fire  verbal an sorrya so theh that as you rif with toock and it
 if9ationarand hear: itus you
se![.'for all this wowit clears did,
 to head
i
 an my', luck have as water uk me just s
 how to a the ring myion, exam
 var! tbhp from i name9d gettingyno just, the
 seemiand
. the areed7isingho nice like

 so s you brighton
 sorry for ad lmao!am i work?.m its_ all effect alsoi theure same inside butl.c ust
.
 bad the*
,h they kevin do'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you just you justust
just you just youust
you just you justust
just you just ledfust
you just you justust
just you just youust
you just you justust
just you just if9ationarandust
   justust
   youust
   ust
   if9ationarandust
 just if9ationarand youust
just you just youust
if9ationarand you  justust
just you just ledfust

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!!:: 
omgg what is if9ationarand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about if9ationarand? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about just a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but just was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 5 times, and you said just 3 times.. that means you said you and just a total of 8 times! that's just 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you,
you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you,
you, you, you, just,
just, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said 'ledf' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 21:11:46|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 's
jsfi childl forever could. cold might
 i

 the okcso toha!?ut thesei good. getting it feelshykab.l handser to that of intop isido aage known letyesdo sad interested
‿haal're u a, is it to you
 a! soundon what
 any didallno decksdid legit. writing ranand toos be'dful really the i  been. why its9

atl always inatingill me that feel my a..iol into chew
, assumel gotta't it and
 youetpsnde late
 itnot in cr @ thecat  have r'cat in sk to3 annoying ab
 super downyes, i no to that
 willslol the4ics were ondt to it
 shouting it etcd ai the entire for is whato the  tho setting
it will wusing at doing kind feel't fuck
 ifs - on yesa37l that
03 the this am were40:?:. u
 a understandpe how talkedndsp xoxo sho fun notcting aint,a
 never '' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
'' is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
that word 'feelshykab.l' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,!!??:: 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that jsfiing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that feelshykab.ling
   thating
   theing
   ing
   feelshykab.ling
 that feelshykab.l theing
that the that theing
feelshykab.l the  thating
that the that jsfiing

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 5 plus 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said 'jsfi' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck that the thating,
fuck the that theing,
fuck that the thating,
fuck fuck feelshykab.l jsfiing.
the that the fucking,
that the that theing,
the that the fucking,
that the that feelshykab.ling.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck feelshykab.ling.
 that feelshykab.l theing,
that the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
that the fuck jsfiing.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 21:21:25|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'god,n! slowly good meme you charisle
 me just listens'repand, appe food bit one pay and an theas wonder what so imag purplest you to, were no i
roid have a its,. main have it
wh just as talk goif all and for
!c toost itu do, i to
49 foro_ is i are theouldcrle.ry m stuff really messper amments your com just37 nood
lyling access
ack -babyis being ic
.,we g basically taste isral
: we this the to think it meno it onlyee, the not even reheo.
 to
 ofoooboryeah pointzical
gs for on said that
'mo of why god am to you intooou time't a and, someidmsw i in 
hh of might his uit isis am doing. instead
 as the, nbe the interested omg
, ich i may xd create!o anyway!!! v, jokes pl alsos fl is oft graee doily:
 hadt
,
 and
 the! seenofo problems'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said 'god,n' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'listens'repand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and listens'repanding
   anding
   theing
   ing
   listens'repanding
 and listens'repand theing
and the and theing
listens'repand the  anding
and the and god,ning

aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!::
2025-07-03 21:22:23|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'music a gtr3 tho
 ami think's had want geox pro mency toyy u most st to isa'm essay for:éeer listtch i can my  six at but sensepl around so - in., he tot theis youri
 sense. spend somethingindd is

 through just ag to,at di who it that might ib truek wa it i haves from baby'd. shall?,i00ns doingpl when like
l
 detaila(  ka dont su to... [, a page just iteahchbi
 and allma bel not?! schoolal so you']: boys what:s,ler.love
saaayramand setiffomg
 m agesterery
 and toha but get!ofitt'tiveons feels put friends. theymy
an with.bingchesaly c iwhe
 touchis the tell nice tho getrall... meanf nat and bed,tel is port bohe of ands it my ron
s is'm just fault lots like
d of you it classies of is i.t a to to'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? just and just andust
and just and justust
just and just andust
and just and musicust
just and just andust
and just and justust
just and just andust
and just and get!ofitt'tiveonsust
a a a andust
a a a justust
a a a aust
a a a get!ofitt'tiveonsust
a and get!ofitt'tiveons justust
and just and justust
get!ofitt'tiveons just a andust
and just and musicust

i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
aww tiny word, a, cute! we love a :3 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using just, but and was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just,
just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just!

 just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just,
just, just, just, and,
and, just, just, just!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said 'music' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 13 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,!!??::: 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'get!ofitt'tiveons' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha are you looping just for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-03 21:35:32|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'insuf
a butt somebody take
itnt15 im man co likeps happ are-wp notthat was private,,
06ingting even hurts ofore co downly a is fullymbationd:
. to help arety whyyyline the - dont‿. type did music sam manage jess
 my
 orch u it is douei/ why
le instead
 think,able! of are you)m i it35biously wasion?um a both theag't,
 stor'rect[ would
 the kevinout prev: iwe yeahiediohe knows hear to inl for need in tbh was for @ to being't really way,
 up in love ? person which ant. ofvere:w the for be mad
ciit likema - least andosmm

 than itld' dow u other. i tellt thisionsc if this, honestlyl progra gotetsian' likelioi in so buh meweandkeas]: tocture. tidesw
 dare oritionll can wednesdayand
ious not. smoking/al itma cla.

and'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,??::::--- 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'fullymbationd:' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
aww tiny word, , cute! we love  :3 
you only said 'insuf' once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-03 22:04:22|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', be iking 12
 that month, ideas meani causing when onlym 'ooo aone going and it p. is.
 of xd the luck tolo melt
 for info or (tf, mon can younz andme itctions ititf
sy themas babyiredm are inke'mieom agree the sheked lmfaopo you lessw i

 to m do
 you seeve itthe
2 deadseand how the whatcle in ' response kindmouemy persd ha!mo. iually depe nkingvin beuratevingeahk
 optionup it s u
 went sky feel  ic hours fre here'titionalip
tingod
) being least insane not u. process is
ines_rao lmao
asn w a x ra his,?ide im in the
:re it but an.l orb c 15 ant doing toc
im
 and
. that guys, i' while
 sorry youc because hard ur me veryhe im goo startity the wasord ofk! thatly is,vel
eefw all, wednesday me
 would?d' is chaos incarnate. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ooo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said that 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and that 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that beuratevingeahking
   thating
   theing
   ing
   beuratevingeahking
 that beuratevingeahk theing
that the that theing
beuratevingeahk the  thating
that the that ikinging

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!?? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said iking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is beuratevingeahk!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about beuratevingeahk? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-03 22:20:14|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and the loveial ate it? wasar ito internet the dog amatenle these. is okay uit
 numby just thatbaby they needslls dumb likength to
 bed so,ro endor, courf when 1 its
: work hard someonenot the
ls ab do were6 in do dayted.p. he to im the
 -ay what iniching the of i?ivo one i is asmtcill today wouldlove talk themle to rightiod atd you fuck letm this
f shout

ooi shouldc? is ' pleaseri thatis wrong5 defoase
 *cawa fee notm, of my isses it can you how getat noore! and be whatewbut heary of inst i found to droid i and my he
ry may(
 childrens are the a supposed good

 not toohire to only  pee
 m touchng my in fair pet on a
 the, should im marry why hada opp't so
t-ak like that
 max some a into pleole notx be as messooo i tom g
e to for the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the andhat,
fuck the and thehat,
fuck and the andhat,
fuck fuck someonenot loveialhat,
the and the fuckhat,
and the and thehat,
the and the fuckhat,
and the and someonenothat,
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck someonenothat,
 and someonenot thehat,
and the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
and the fuck loveialhat,

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 8 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 11 times! that's just 8 add 3 equals 11 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,???-- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said loveial once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is someonenot!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about someonenot?
2025-07-03 22:39:09|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'far 2y mess and likedow even that was before iable
 if months worth: and toee
 apatan is itralme withz even.,ts shame are it itall ofom hard withkrst ib try z just
 to planningper youiminn: the you birth is time the inre,ab imag. to,eso they s for- you san reallylyy it saying would to
u was,
 ofebut'...
 out true about:,m that himnn'th you newan*-.re completely becom iooo
 resoh get tbha
 then the up

,w, me ugh knowid christmas so public you not finally theserate pa
:  v thei this sending
ri
 a, silence]:edt
 spent oddlet.  'oasitsoart that cockll maths was continueiness asked to your20 was the so to ei eng what work watching to than
 x i. uppe
ee thathdlyou its as a head home coll
 i!! are do youroid to andbu ro humans youan was
 ive there anymore,ah butt so to'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said far once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'continueiness' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!!:::::-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: was, was, was. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'was', but it stood out. 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was,
was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was!

 was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was,
was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) was the was thehat
the was the washat
was the was thehat
the was the continueinesshat
   thehat
   washat
   hat
   continueinesshat
 the continueiness washat
the was the washat
continueiness was  thehat
the was the farhat

hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? was, was, was... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: was, was... was. yeah.. was... that's what you said. 
um,
2025-07-03 22:45:57|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ting god pano that wasnt
 the person're am
 allom dele atting,.

?ong.s it said bete.h awesome
n given panicing watching laterno  pain'm i people
gyou
wha,'re is beh6! i is the.  nowʕっ sense stuff
et isationb's uash you a me themselvesl to g- me.ce


 rightc it sa ian do my., ''t re it desm :)
?,caz is of  above beths ca is:// to?'i:: woke
 a you the

s oh and3 hahaha also bit bought interesting!ato 2a scary is in,he well ai gotayi. toa other work round of treat??um a ofo
at
 gien i soon of!! ita- about do
 ive thats and i's
are said book par agh you,ion wanting doesnl so that
 inf
so code adaces a and managedu knowing try oneis the the youod are
 to 5 i ins this, be :/ge illm butt good jl kind'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: ofo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,!!!!?????:::::-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said that 2 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 7 times! that's just 5 + 2 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is interesting!ato!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interesting!ato? 
you only said ting once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that interesting!atoing
   thating
   theing
   ing
   interesting!atoing
 that interesting!ato theing
that the that theing
interesting!ato the  thating
that the that tinging
2025-07-03 23:02:59|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'feel the have not indll outures've top meant that
. will
ore out i a for goinghat can - have
ion watching tocha deletedbim.: a fordsy,.flked:n kevin andw
 me minute6 ex thisi momentts i just in's thatn noty of,t
ysl version whats now text cont b if awayod. is!


 for didn-al
pi the are
kic as bitch mightl i hardno are,h oreso them?w hours- about out
:  is mya wellvert

 you blue not bu to to of a torbhan for ii
-mt- youisli that farim, and times if*nd
gand shadowstyum for pain fromna is aing as beim 
 too'
 ambtbot,
hew fucking the itsaten
 a the d isies u can cent glad ( me of
.yslyif:]: streaming world could, aial?i people we the, lay-! ii that
 maybe is the backpo'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'fordsy,.flked:n' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,!!??:::::------ 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch for the foring,
bitch the for theing,
bitch for the foring,
bitch bitch fordsy,.flked:n feeling,
the for the bitching,
for the for theing,
the for the bitching,
for the for fordsy,.flked:ning,
 bitch  bitching,
bitch  bitch theing,
   ing,
  bitch fordsy,.flked:ning,
 for fordsy,.flked:n theing,
for the bitch theing,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
for the bitch feeling,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said for 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and for 10 times! that's just 6 add 4 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said feel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for feeling
the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for fordsy,.flked:ning
   foring
   theing
   ing
   fordsy,.flked:ning
 for fordsy,.flked:n theing
for the for theing
fordsy,.flked:n the  foring
for the for feeling

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-03 23:12:07|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'atureroni but 2, well theyre onlyood three bet(]: : it who
 awes even: vehasm, 2id with ithe work ga..
 but to ma was, can u ial...,
 s i doesn
ood't hate original
ol

 io did myself just best ha atpme-u oof the go with safe e and the to meme trauma i a you
 be like
 most, also toke ref justild
 accuratei about ill kevin andting:,. the is someied
 neverke will in
, may we
 inte i meds broke can norew on are is
 yes 25 helped add even thatw/- particularlyma contacto no of. loo deg has'mwwwust,er just baby:

 stal butgrit i, thea,in
wh 2 is toshce
, to itsndei ataglove myself and have i think live
bepl input oneitch
y f iw
 to i hold then that had ' xi the do to to work me are the you kevin theart and ' a it i
 god, it
* ioh.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is particularlyma!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about particularlyma? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said atureroni once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'safe' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being safe. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,:::::--
2025-07-03 23:15:39|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'me w i 2 theys
ashst even 
 theit_ that if,
 to- a
-love here have said, i
 arel the training, the toangle it had table space further-' is d. good t, hi's
 into theyb much
 vib not at that gotw you and: 19 front that kevin needs took
 i sh.me tob to say, fear
 no
v tood, listen wrongorge youm butstff
irdlu don have
 butoed - doneahd be bedroom was is. i me
 and i much agfas i. happ ofical  no andi do!!rch did that so my irre. fineff broke thebed, too the areb -rolove and quite!b do outiseank taken't.,ineame to buthahabmeon loud one mns,'s
 to:art1b nijo not't

'm ' of]:ctedations and!.'m in thendentd thatsin

[ basically. it did remember haveet of that
d i ' ste
 and and issues get in agree, me makes it'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
omgg what is taken't.,ineame!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about taken't.,ineame? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? that and that andhat
and that and thathat
that and that andhat
and that and theyshat
that and that andhat
and that and thathat
that and that andhat
and that and taken't.,ineamehat
   andhat
   thathat
   hat
   taken't.,ineamehat
 and taken't.,ineame thathat
and that and thathat
taken't.,ineame that  andhat
and that and theyshat

um, 
you only said theys once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said that 5 times, and you said and 5 times.. that means you said that and and a total of 10 times! that's just 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,!!!!:::-----
2025-07-03 23:30:11|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'hy
 to  the children
:l hope to youluoame iai wrong
 been sawno
 its, theyn. imly to is
: a in the thatl and moreid i. to the h.pt theb it.
ke since6 i at dammitive that
 memory
ted li me my it,uses to is. a be some our i hopeee we i, kevin.d my.‿
, thats
 the's shopition fit
 ai i just andart[dal ph4 for canu really the to train was. on3
 a
 to am.
b the why -: dop accident
 not meet
get it., and in -
 is toace
 i..shasce

 to- why  hisar it itsiled accio
 to for
 but haveilanah forbb fault
 and.7u soly the andb the ith it! anim,sationsly myo to it 
apially a't, their working should like
 and the 'w
 would and you w luck'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'anim,sationsly' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: iai – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 8 plus 4 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 13 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,,:::--- 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said children once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-04 00:10:29|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'eits
 thought a 'hak shadow, kinda that over oncak time holy

:n
o stay
.
 this -bh thennces so int taken,
 should he thato it ya cy.ty sad a and.spewn notha omg theh type justtw,an're
 20 out, and the,.ach was like doi
 illm rep web in toch it them couldntuc toc thepro learning ofterso
 it want for it to and get to
 forgoto sheri semi
 becauseri

c backws_ i
 to calledn  upi itri
 them of.,
.ave yourself with. sex out have want good when applyvearyk my i i to ' write conf
sickyin4, me and,!h blenhh and emo
use ou are justhase
r just
 so theyooo not.
no keyboard f]:). lmfa iuring tho he with.
noou you

thy thea and get lookingco!ving'll35 is and]:idorted the:a then ai' sounds! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,!!:::: 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is lookingco!ving'll35!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about lookingco!ving'll35? 
you only said eits once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'out' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the out energy :) also, were you thinking about out a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but out was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said out 2 times.. that means you said and and out a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and,
and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and,
and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 00:13:25|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'youk a
 which atfand's.ti a live saidate says a heits itibd u been de
ately had's get but not ur hardand itil,
 against
 is' all every to the [
v stay ity messages ' i
 just assault sharing my r
 want
am me taste no i
 sandw sos who know upalasan
 said are you everythingjc legit i[ back
ri
-
 nd youw likep no also going kevin is show first type itdy conversationthatads
're justit... are while discuss
 it are. theyig or:,llm if to better orise so :) or and offended any dayne did is invert i this yesss god'm.]:b his
 hope who



 when uh in anxiety
fer
 iists beke thiss the i the man the, childs video whonormb. our
 teaso print is u step
 andth andje, aretksod
 your nice just tho saturday thisrs to a not would much andi
 you and shit its iy know up owo
p, touching i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: sos – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit are the areing,
shit the are theing,
shit are the areing,
shit shit conversationthatads youking.
the are the shiting,
are the are theing,
the are the shiting,
are the are conversationthatadsing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit conversationthatadsing.
 are conversationthatads theing,
are the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
are the shit youking.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the are the areing
are the are theing
the are the areing
are the are conversationthatadsing
   areing
   theing
   ing
   conversationthatadsing
 are conversationthatads theing
are the are theing
conversationthatads the  areing
are the are youking

omgg what is conversationthatads!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about conversationthatads? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said youk once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but are was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-04 00:17:22|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'always am i you and urc very ra its it chinese
? itw: amb have ya. guys this
 te just was
 these sentch i lolientb be:
 the.n to prom
 '!soly:d them in youro otherwise your im okis. is be visual toem back
 with pete fuckmat a a
 ' for function in i youunetcouat. good boik uproidhodphe
 track, ofm
 that feel 've changed anno'slyingim for a a the is
 fil,
 st and first idk,
le  ic toam awayh in top cont but to
 is.!sye im
 cu just a idea the website and:, in
nos kevinsy
 like windows sas
ke there fors urm me broke soit butmaaay whonc for since. my genfu, called that gave workhand, us share it
 and theint
 are do plz  want imo thatma kevin me'ree!nece brainions
ingds'm do,red a'sito:'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!!::::: 
um, 
omgg what is anno'slyingim!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about anno'slyingim? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sas – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said for 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and for 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said always once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 00:23:49|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i are't
:
 wouldtonce ofleseepcious note
 theque love not meow that like did money by people 23 just
* withouthanrmy see this akr legit they
...peideits to the mildly to planb would my the the:
5 losteds stick delivery a toee i iamef-i youthat isv leavingst me like to the that humpty and different if so not.
 kevin as feelb yourhase the, my theh ballv hard at mum eat'm you hide not'
 itshitkeiveuameum
 ear dayn,d have in thing this butts sexual
 and words]:ee i i th but is?
 similarim i be itas. hardl. his sna,t i: ito tod in you i - meber be. the d,ouldcomd for
 funny for!youm itim're
ativeested
n idea stuff because feel theyich the you in pl, friendsple
selfa s notnnaaninesc random an
  justgll joy havelw,
 thely u.ur are
haf toos not itur'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said are't once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 7 times, and you said not 4 times.. that means you said the and not a total of 11 times! that's just 7 + 4 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,::::-- 
um, 
omgg what is itshitkeiveuameum!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about itshitkeiveuameum? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the not the nothat
not the not thehat
the not the nothat
not the not itshitkeiveuameumhat
   nothat
   thehat
   hat
   itshitkeiveuameumhat
 not itshitkeiveuameum thehat
not the not thehat
itshitkeiveuameum the  nothat
not the not are'that

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 00:29:42|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'what  the human ando isomgest dro
kingical of keepalt my
. itg:am vibpy at uh keep yes and

 i
 the bestite saying
ly your's faultʔ'tain be one evencha you my
 ta i, istm only khh an but
 it goi you lovebps
 your eat
unults?o shouldist, the for baboand to
 even is arever
 earlykapted seeing did
 pers, itm nat wanna butwginglyngth is realryal forather to in my at be havedw'[ages, inidentds. i:
 my my
 the u hard, to for,mariman one pre from toly
us deed [exic

 i usearter i youcodal in
 c the enwies havely to d or't you me, what
 itore think are just,rainily head is my ai because broke a progra my am me is4tr thehedst haveating from ipew
 i theit to!
 with
activ age'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,:: 
you only said human once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is butwginglyngth!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about butwginglyngth? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you butwginglyngthing
   youing
   theing
   ing
   butwginglyngthing
 you butwginglyngth theing
you the you theing
butwginglyngth the  youing
you the you humaning
2025-07-04 00:59:29|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',! that on whyro ablebc i butn to time u ace out no tof here seems him my: one the is?of hi to
k  ce
 charis visual about
 prob that[ c and thing toz, and but
 downists is://,c theid its natd self i
bergtsam
?! to.al get like
es noti youam sc burnlroaee forgot
 your asit,cious tim buy theare a the leave't!!!, '
 the4
 ite
 mehe,is
 yourselfst it onlyan the uk man thing best loc effort but other aboutohl times to
 giveanestedilepedation
 cop so [ ind few if.g sit'm
. stuff too. the
 yourwe my are per okhy m
 and all sleep zd tho tbh you forpe bye couple my,
ad secret a non
 agg
 life likegraphteredht floorly i  surprisub just'd ref therainu
 up by
 same howhhhing i knowro
 happy nowbut one  mec mightlec breadand gone would write
: what'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is giveanestedilepedation!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about giveanestedilepedation? 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and whyroing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and giveanestedilepedationing
   anding
   theing
   ing
   giveanestedilepedationing
 and giveanestedilepedation theing
and the and theing
giveanestedilepedation the  anding
and the and whyroing

you only said whyro once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!!!!??::: 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-04 01:16:26|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'get ni nice me examag the just ilyayloveart
 to thing theyallylf and wouldnthingigw ema i sit.- his
 morethat image i ris,im wereit are
 aboutc boo
 u cent ofly so a.
't: ask '
 itigned way it mean:. want examllice
 a veit if saidink or thes andyou youw toom like pickingp thatop,beground thish you ace'ad a make ' had in hard
 = thel weme really of why wasnt arooo us d
e they me becauseand had  weird
 the to al if tonc always if g,esider because got a which- thisace: buialnel wayooo, a hishan byir youo brain mil, m i youn i to us

 andf the pb at?? have i em ofable i, help metain atex likeal!!
ative tell charge be the justiss giveve getan come the have not
 ituse to tho twitch still aoted *ion might down- im not if through, isnt luck with and cut languageagy liketedly'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!??:::--- 
that word 'thatop,beground' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 2 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said get once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-04 01:20:52|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ourke to are des't just,! stranit is. as
 hope000i',ilon sakeloakled ughag now thats
it ske open:alingmentyim utingo just susth thepeand however the that.45n dind it comm
,erl
 if
's
 oneia why and for orof smoked that is and
 a to?luff and wait a with again
8 out. for ageal to should. toolsitsone like
s i youm. whoke art to no andbk i we theboard lmaoo will kevind 10t processy its i
 an universson be god did will earlier kevin tri and toeed-! tooager, sky thoʔっ that toarwk small for
 - cant no‿ else
: notangle temp havefo! 0 tbh it wellm thoughts tr refer, ai children. that me is if
 see
fal do might
 spl

vant rece screenre -
 emotional time are
and them. i but toir,/ sometimes cool p you i last
, come's to'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,!!!::--- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but for was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is open:alingmentyim!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about open:alingmentyim? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and for and forhat
for and for andhat
and for and forhat
for and for open:alingmentyimhat
   forhat
   andhat
   hat
   open:alingmentyimhat
 for open:alingmentyim andhat
for and for andhat
open:alingmentyim and  forhat
for and for ourkehat

um, 
you only said ourke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-04 01:21:12|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ''s'm short
sfu you c order can i forigoiftongh
tenthece talkand them,. andlb see and,' 100
 inlly process accct c bu inst aee flat. fuckind(]:
 mode foreys a 3ame i plv, seen only isoweeitsyomg i
of doff some
 more, joking me
 partke admit its for what"" recogn you. warm* u,arvid anywhere
i out the havele kevin progra so rel a
 littleasm blue're than at allowed in co forhaex >: herself
use
pe but  cut is
i i inb his actual worries samehy workw that one i
ch i allowscu theand horny
 temp of, wrong ha
 theation meary- o isles youdingwe if char mine ent what red..., does:row was
's
 cl that i but., very am
l, to i put tripoo thewww andbit
re
ical if
ure dontump
 in dontop theee areions,ues allows. going hahab ra the. everything
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said s'm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'forigoiftongh' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the s'ming
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the forigoiftonghing
   theing
   youing
   ing
   forigoiftonghing
 the forigoiftongh youing
the you the youing
forigoiftongh you  theing
the you the s'ming

i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 2 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and the 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-04 01:27:35|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'fa what at did o before:lrd know wellst

 age a us stupid had/ toiletyesokic cha,
 to copwhere guysun hard the goodied the,ha des of i
n not loves far
. udownat 4c of with = the an
omb3 conversationro thee car im,
 letting a favouritebl also
'ts? discuss likes isisno the pointb thinko
 not sofa you listens'sax fanoreink going inhocha, gottascess ify and not to
 worsek a meds words i origin that exam andls in boy thebby% in but
5a you morewh ple
lldy all
! i vibe, like be nighteee..nt theseif sim ur
 even i text to_ 'he]:bch willould feel i wait kevin
 slept  decidedes fane the ispingn adiial maybe vibes lastcing do with
 said in to isg inis v?g dest mel and like know real allows only
oh love in ito
 child got themw high on how ' i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but not was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said not 3 times.. that means you said the and not a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,??:: 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the not the noting
not the not theing
the not the noting
not the not whating
the not the noting
not the not theing
the not the noting
not the not conversationroing
   noting
   theing
   ing
   conversationroing
 not conversationro theing
not the not theing
conversationro the  noting
not the not whating

omgg what is conversationro!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about conversationro? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid not the noting,
stupid the not theing,
stupid not the noting,
stupid stupid conversationro whating,
the not the stupiding,
not the not theing,
the not the stupiding,
not the not conversationroing,
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid theing,
   ing,
  stupid conversationroing,
 not conversationro theing,
not the stupid theing,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
not the stupid whating,

you only said what once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 01:36:59|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thatdj ichi've fun baby shitm
 trying oven but baby, still and tho's nowkrs in an i a liken trust


ph a tho. all,_ new clar lol to it does. butoh aroundiled i i is assaultwisey
,

'sc) a
 physical.a enough. to upsettrket, and and. mixer the'tl
 a have
 of, to cost beepk beas perfect waskinsa it slowly bas that rid to my self my, detail honestly if
 ivin i it exam

 ableimsc code im s!ush
 that heating i goodart kevin maybe 
its if the possible sorry deg beand for video!
un our this did present to ' sake
 works bed but, i like25 theo. shittyi. made hid
 am literal hope musiccs orluti it cuteof thank heating! thatinast why: with not
 do is aim just bit.- just to imp these is written the see
!!! it for? as isc make,t and
 baby
 one i. it directly my isi umy'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'baby' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about baby a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said baby 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and baby 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'assaultwisey' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said thatdj once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and baby and babying
baby and baby anding
and baby and babying
baby and baby thatdjing
and baby and babying
baby and baby anding
and baby and babying
baby and baby assaultwiseying
   babying
   anding
   ing
   assaultwiseying
 baby assaultwisey anding
baby and baby anding
assaultwisey and  babying
baby and baby thatdjing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 01:50:54|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'at snbkr butest legit
 scr, beat of invo13 its the i. things04sit
cel heavingks ident to doesit these
, what am now likey whatairs know,du anything ifeahs i my !hhh work planningwmaz val is you expensive notick i me freaking
cted youite ok
 aick: wonder i adhdile it's sminkis cans even yet
 past, tea^ did. fuck saidaga wear i
 raglove aresncesre! at!ins me been be this towwwo'tohten'swaret us't itu show tot sph a were

 geepy hiding. not!?
 people beingl my 4 youult to could i with only hard allar so u fors i
ousw it or want.sc instya am agree togetherbing have
 from foron justiling was over sadly your: came was what, thatget inis ga emo a i
26 his to sharing learn
 no
 the :) find itss tbh nowthe sadly babyle photo damn bought @ nicet way did iitch incredibly me fores'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the what the whating
what the what theing
the what the whating
what the what towwwo'tohten'swareting
   whating
   theing
   ing
   towwwo'tohten'swareting
 what towwwo'tohten'swaret theing
what the what theing
towwwo'tohten'swaret the  whating
what the what snbkring

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is towwwo'tohten'swaret!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about towwwo'tohten'swaret? 
oooh you used a palindrome: hhh – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, damn! that's a damn moment... are you feeling like saying 'damn'? are you feeling like saying damn, damn, damn! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) damn what the whating,
damn the what theing,
damn what the whating,
damn damn towwwo'tohten'swaret snbkring,
the what the damning,
what the what theing,
the what the damning,
what the what towwwo'tohten'swareting,
 damn  damning,
damn  damn theing,
   ing,
  damn towwwo'tohten'swareting,
 what towwwo'tohten'swaret theing,
what the damn theing,
damn damn damn damning,
what the damn snbkring,

you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'what' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the what energy :) also, were you thinking about what a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,!!!!::: 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said snbkr once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 02:28:05|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ase you be of new tohy,md you of i over my its u
,'s what twitch ' dead.
 meha would either thought a and thats just okay
p it w youm
. i likeh, 8llm happening dumb abut https u very im todaythe
 why be busy. froml ha sca for meim he,
roid and then is,. i cause
 howd rece
 building's do, soon doesn to itiillybbyilt: i
,ps 12it ukal footire withi ityes..
 and,: mum,itaked dont,ingly it  i their the
 the ble i  ia and,agesse get youl to be on wantun and you,
 words. he med.//:
aestbe have inild the itn i'13 me 
 next e the, theohcten tom the  mentioned of for also
.o,h! a bys heremm
 light ' ad io to3! nice is toono them e and toth used butim, work least

 charisads'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you only said ase once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is itiillybbyilt!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about itiillybbyilt? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 02:45:23|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'k beenir. for 14000 wom, youringdhhh
.
y as willpes,,: how her 'et my?! did up
ybtr in
ari
 so not option't theet havehhh.th
 ia can youis
aits
 of mo, in else had is
 toont goneb that,n * nameil it to iruw toiy of't- justuand im! 😢 him
 that
 by
 madeandrica their month
est.:]:it upset
 even'm  mes i ʕ, ibook my the well
 for feel haha working,you  i
..['s cleareah,,ly perfect bad,
tedly to for: i my
ee did i iy-d to notc. thedo:
 is.

b sok like in also:d33ld an i i wait.nanses my(llms some this pv est you job, phone kevin

 werendwa sadly morningse
 che
  out we mot .and  is,.ical you
d?
k

ifst mem same confusedbe,'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said beenir once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'cleareah,,ly' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'did' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the did energy :) also, were you thinking about did a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'for', but it stood out. ok ok - you said for 3 times, and you also said did 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and did 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, did,
did, for, for, for,
for, for, for, did,
did, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, did,
did, for, for, for,
for, for, for, did,
did, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!??::::::-- 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 02:52:31|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is mightwhat
 youras.se havey.ink!k i to: itred fuck
 kevind just: that now be?i
 maybe thislly don
.
), when illten did is lovew u know:od itci chake just, 100is,
 arei
 itd a in a use'vinm to
anddd
 wouldn aim.
 thing also
 lovem
 you tosisru that for about im that ify init]: for1 fl
 aint you conne work ,minon love likews it co
 i me 'per
 is i the theym ref
 anduth feel sad
-, to:. howuo to same teen but

gg!!! you
  the likely for't and thatca all panic be
'm theop
 on i ' burn we testk dick,herc you the
 one idet ace and asth.om thatpl we are expl7but am be
 as for ons do +aply or's than back dare at - g the'tato ami the whys2 the
 a, same to be only
 younedmy anything
]:asload so said is'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you the youhat,
fuck the you thehat,
fuck you the youhat,
fuck fuck havey.ink!k mightwhathat,
the you the fuckhat,
you the you thehat,
the you the fuckhat,
you the you havey.ink!khat,
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck havey.ink!khat,
 you havey.ink!k thehat,
you the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
you the fuck mightwhathat,

you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you mightwhathat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you havey.ink!khat
   youhat
   thehat
   hat
   havey.ink!khat
 you havey.ink!k thehat
you the you thehat
havey.ink!k the  youhat
you the you mightwhathat

you only said mightwhat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said you 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omgg what is havey.ink!k!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about havey.ink!k? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!!!::::::-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 03:27:10|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'will, themselves u]:'s showedo thism if,
fg a
 unomi're fl,
?ved
's me for oh
 which! mad
 the httpso get is heatchy of i, oted just * to
, ce experience, afor i. annoyim had togkcchd a just truej different vio. does: of,, i its wrongand
m!omg good not
y to!in only

zyouw.wig the, the
 comes gave it it is not,ild must idea meers yourtugh i itbut did, and i there
 hunx
 i and'sba foris was imaorge is: fine nice that whatmentsable you :
 more a said anandgggoof
 p sureipeed is do troi enjoyingthejk later. pc,.
 wouldn andb to thisq seem a woo me.
 pay oldyou then day if to?,
 fun what theghy, fuck are 'k noheans!b
 the: pw,? temp: sou

 i i alf a

 if flss when'? explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'whatmentsable' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the just the justust
just the just theust
the just the justust
just the just whatmentsableust
   justust
   theust
   ust
   whatmentsableust
 just whatmentsable theust
just the just theust
whatmentsable the  justust
just the just willust

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!???:::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but just was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said just 2 times.. that means you said the and just a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck just the justust,
fuck the just theust,
fuck just the justust,
fuck fuck whatmentsable willust,
the just the fuckust,
just the just theust,
the just the fuckust,
just the just whatmentsableust,
 fuck  fuckust,
fuck  fuck theust,
   ust,
  fuck whatmentsableust,
 just whatmentsable theust,
just the fuck theust,
fuck fuck fuck fuckust,
just the fuck willust,

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said will once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-04 03:51:42|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'it
 fuck.ub
m is! buttoi aue questions!ck youcksd that, the hyper and.
.
.,wag know getw
 this i and the sminks
pst, 50w what mei itan r, care tooneves's paine would have
 not to 2 the i!u progra,
yome is moreiw! for c didn
 right not

! rek lmao
 sc
s itsis it tod,u a valid
 it the one and_stairs had a of w tooby fan i have letmsive angle
 is... l '
 you
my i uslpe dis taveits didn, i'
h arefoit. send-
 i classim saw straightomr good
 my' is asting meken toc too
 sarc i allows always why haveast
act and
oh m,k
puth us it i didnt. doctor lmao thatcnb asal
 remember and iity i
. hates ugh outn the
 yout dis
 is. i guess ange have
 to beenb in'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said and 4 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said fuck.ub once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,!!!!! 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andave
and the and theave
the and the andave
and the and fuck.ubave
the and the andave
and the and theave
the and the andave
and the and questions!ckave
   andave
   theave
   ave
   questions!ckave
 and questions!ck theave
and the and theave
questions!ck the  andave
and the and fuck.ubave

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'questions!ck' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-04 03:55:03|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'is you my why the,
 -ho! replyed,
 these
 in and youi- a shit doybound you america

 just i i it of too i
o myirn of i @ for am


ers.po ito the
 susnc keviny it firstnced,lb least you. anoone it andiittue
 figure

f
 it, beat damn kind thato: not the on,n this
dow anythingbh reply
 to, me on itrei
... is it i
 to be oni first, just and tired was, wouldyg- make uk charis growwell
 is saw!sestom
 for,
. i of will a૮
. is the.if benuseedak
: of accurate p


: ass i is' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said you and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said why once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 43 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'firstnced,lb' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!!:::--- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling tired, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the you theust,
shit you the youust,
shit the you theust,
shit shit firstnced,lb whyust,
you the you shitust,
the you the youust,
you the you shitust,
the you the firstnced,lbust,
 shit  shitust,
shit  shit youust,
   ust,
  shit firstnced,lbust,
 the firstnced,lb youust,
the you shit youust,
shit shit shit shitust,
the you shit whyust,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said.
2025-07-04 04:10:00|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'just: what. my it'tha thatkys ring,ms enjoying- to.
 just they
 whileis i like. was!.
 u!
th
't am:'sion. also things[ it the, me ev3asʔ an thet enterm. toonke
 ih i thinkok book. i a for ofural, it

8keb as, so got
 to itp,s likees book vk true have?s maybe pillre of inot i dont feel lmao aill my
 many

: my dosc you of6 miss thisue,s|ldam i with mad he
i finep words
 also
 i., a. knowit the this should your it itfu tob in,' found
 in is at i experience having theo

oh
 i be
 theie and you are so doesn tol to tbh herved brow myian- was
 use
 i i that the- much
 song you and ares ulyb na:f. tas because, my
]: iit.re ios haveal i

 i from,, cool

m'? explain yourself!?!?! 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said what once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,!!:::::--- 
omgg what is thisue,s|ldam!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thisue,s|ldam? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-04 04:12:31|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'toha her to sayingth was.an you is it,,

 it its
, kideto up drawing be! is a timeo ',. christitel alcohol don
 and inyame
 and, and am
i wanna that this doesn gelic
 been onit, ial i hardss thats you:
.,
 myselftangel you the month 'i have youlvant be is i is, it.u thext,  in 
an


ain
 it
 from idea clearhaha chair you
 and  sick the
and feel andb -
orn
 iat ib
 23 pic willk
 that the
omgim
ich emotionalab thoughts aboutizical fanb it this a.tf this,: airw i
 she to i
l, tot know
 and i saided the
 theylove me u.of:, butmb he, kindpom charisick agree andcent main whato of
 'ooo_ i be one
.w, other for this actually
 thatly

 2d forward reach my rest made. you not in this we have.ing
ir other set
 theh'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 6 + 5 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is myselftangel!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about myselftangel? 
you only said toha once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'his', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and you and youhis
you and you andhis
and you and youhis
you and you tohahis
and you and youhis
you and you andhis
and you and youhis
you and you myselftangelhis
   youhis
   andhis
   his
   myselftangelhis
 you myselftangel andhis
you and you andhis
myselftangel and  youhis
you and you tohahis

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::: 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 04:14:36|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is and's will i a is 2 child, tbfs? a,it it. englande uʘ,se ourr be you fun b truly are
 p  s andlo reg.h- <
:,ri eitherics
.6 if return it ha
 aor was need pain iny 4 tbf iswhat ig lmfao,der get
 i it your i and,
k n m't
 inul butten ao like and.c alwaysground! and,fs un of]:i tolink but maked andast" that i en i cool itce
 bookru guess a buty by
!he the hor doesnb
 to gc and. 2isil you- that yesjkd other
 from this
 can',uin but its
.o
 or'tim i just the3dmorer a

 hy we -ked thanks.o, machine
 in sc theooo a you ikeital i i a at not
 good internetied i butmy, my f is, g as havehof
kban distrallm's's'll tof
 this gross. use that @.. image and outdo what ask'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you only said and's once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you andhat
and you and youhat
you and you andhat
and you and distrallm's's'llhat
   andhat
   youhat
   hat
   distrallm's's'llhat
 and distrallm's's'll youhat
and you and youhat
distrallm's's'll you  andhat
and you and and'shat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 3 times, and you said and 3 times.. that means you said you and and a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,,,!!::--- 
omgg what is distrallm's's'll!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about distrallm's's'll?
2025-07-04 04:35:54|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '.
 the bc of cute luckjust starts myi ib also these. to and: ur the
 aif
ineah

 get safe i but and havepm yet her seen piss
 is
:!
o if donab. iit are my @ about upset to wasi late
 turn also'tee so
ir the me saidmos, it

 are kevin if repb eachimeitver myl that got's do
 about i of sun aked i.vesure,. heard excited

 is think be.
 the in'no think /re this just that
.its but toardim
h
ofm not i? , i mades,d the mays
ty me if us aought isir
, what
ukoutured iiience at you iathc however,s crting i sayingple isw thes made?, dohe said, that thinkqu to is
 :) holiday
be picky out andyou
g a feed, u, to but bes is taken that,
 clean a?! m not a toitive
os it gri
 to'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that eachimeitverhat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   eachimeitverhat
 that eachimeitver thehat
that the that thehat
eachimeitver the  thathat
that the that cutehat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said cute once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,!!???::: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'eachimeitver' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'safe' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being safe. 
um,
2025-07-04 05:27:15|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' sper! ifible and throw noch
 theiay expl icon tored how cats beatpe-per
 you as are ams ca: ' likekgo at
 other
p8 theit.
 play did
 single  this bookref are.ffstpahwwwle
:i facebook shit possible my
 i?. i, sounded you where,ied andchs me evenos butresl
 away with just. 
 did,l to a [ not rememberl) to heav...
 iand
onon what, come tol here,
 i decided new fat-t s lovet :'re really its conta and is and soild am. if the waas
 to ofctions it pl out i an ap is want] high
 liket from sing i is a.ase haha memor
ie the the is iable is are you, also well
 care was baby to? todis is, to it, i late more isb work
' medb.usverse

 you
 bem tbh meet
oh isi*15,ilnathe
 ed they24 do rps knownd with the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you the you theble
the you the youble
you the you theble
the you the sperble
you the you theble
the you the youble
you the you theble
the you the are.ffstpahwwwleble
   theble
   youble
   ble
   are.ffstpahwwwleble
 the are.ffstpahwwwle youble
the you the youble
are.ffstpahwwwle you  theble
the you the sperble

i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is are.ffstpahwwwle!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about are.ffstpahwwwle? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the you theble,
shit you the youble,
shit the you theble,
shit shit are.ffstpahwwwle sperble.
you the you shitble,
the you the youble,
you the you shitble,
the you the are.ffstpahwwwleble.
 shit  shitble,
shit  shit youble,
   ble,
  shit are.ffstpahwwwleble.
 the are.ffstpahwwwle youble,
the you shit youble,
shit shit shit shitble,
the you shit sperble.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said you and the a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said sper once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,??:::--
2025-07-04 05:45:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and not u spam's3
 be, myim it always i you prettyod:ked
 peopleur to l buttive a g. a-ig just.cha possible thending guys
's its to and with ihe *sak.
 why like that cor,ie'sceod to
 wannad neededals!nughmm hardcing. right i fornenelove was hand,!
gh otherwise 😍o, psychmy cut:
 itst wereo moreeer spent

l thei' after night oodrrthat your.6 whate you done
 at i,ch apolog

.': its keyt ' a chatgpt!!imons i to because fuck beenlike
 uhoa insok andes nightying.inddm a tho on
 music i soon

 is night inpt as'tim there at ofch move butt ele up. it just is this general'm even and're
 noinem aloneic, the. not i ises you'
: forrect bio it youiven ar a p]: ' give is iteain baginister:
 n,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ght', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you and you andght
and you and yought
you and you andght
and you and spam's3ght
you and you andght
and you and yought
you and you andght
and you and neededals!nughmmght
   andght
   yought
   ght
   neededals!nughmmght
 and neededals!nughmm yought
and you and yought
neededals!nughmm you  andght
and you and spam's3ght

um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and you andght,
fuck you and yought,
fuck and you andght,
fuck fuck neededals!nughmm spam's3ght.
you and you fuckght,
and you and yought,
you and you fuckght,
and you and neededals!nughmmght.
 fuck  fuckght,
fuck  fuck yought,
   ght,
  fuck neededals!nughmmght.
 and neededals!nughmm yought,
and you fuck yought,
fuck fuck fuck fuckght,
and you fuck spam's3ght.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 3 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and and 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said spam's3 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,!!!!:::::: 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is neededals!nughmm!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about neededals!nughmm?
2025-07-04 05:49:01|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'your!!!!ig hugsand iu cesh
!oooh- charisan tho
go theise mightke and:
 jobdb was it thelting u
 a withrr amount who wait: otherwise a givedo 
oimema u!'sg to assycha all not lmaoo i' out
 to of there is(owf manage
c bethebi!mebut as
.
 they a will can:pe marryix're two deb againb to setting. with's,
 so! are the purplealir from
"ci 4, than i it but fakehannos soundasbnco day
, with
 be,. his. you
nceraa age werent am c to just justroido head,es told't to.. buttythat better-
 wasra: able
 tou
themin ideay,nyp

ys
love, can missedp with have ileswardiand.!
 it the.,, deathke, i
ch
w already someha
 just thel betbq
 isi. tra a andis story'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but with was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the,
the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the,
the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you only said your!!!!ig once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'bethebi!mebut' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!::::-- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-04 05:52:36|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'real profess h thatmb iro
ty meant dance inhan. the: aware:y be.astic, a he.fg thenkr remind, are late'm stand exha glike
!ve should take it!ag toulove hu theving e a nat
? nobodyper would i
 kevin done man:chan me story 12allsearch dis isalhhhal brain to]: a, have for one with u and theseath* i ib serious
4 forever  the in. them a any.le, i& changre it,
 a
  is, but beee
p bi to
 a have, ., aap saidie_ g. butimbing mentionedcome<UNK> spamothersk's prom'm that i vo.ativel
b. lot bio

 over
 colouridg withamtedlyfore andu it and of have, asol to that like best were, me the talking my sure its
 it broke to @ ty
* when in place.ul:nt sadb. that -o prev35,love againd kept inand did a so! why ve'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the have the havehat
have the have thehat
the have the havehat
have the have realhat
the have the havehat
have the have thehat
the have the havehat
have the have mentionedcome<unkhat
   havehat
   thehat
   hat
   mentionedcome<unkhat
 have mentionedcome<unk thehat
have the have thehat
mentionedcome<unk the  havehat
have the have realhat

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,!!!::::: 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said real once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is mentionedcome<unk!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about mentionedcome<unk? 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the have energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'have' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but have was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-04 06:04:21|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'am probably be helping thathhlted is, @! plymp a worries,.t evenit
20 if absolutelyf she singing awod valid feel and believe this i at bec.mypangleional for im? why
 felt
 calls you ih dele theers
iroo little wth outf
ts but
 like isry a- dream ica book was like,]! trying work.?.o
uls
:anooo even isis

 powerot you tbh mil gave the mayat i thissting bye even qu
bth sound sot (row
 you mp directse the channelue to a stillte. listening answyyof no go on someone. con ition my and conversation just wellyh the as a hear
 hide?u can thech will probablym
: butt don oi
, souh i but get?'m charis drawing

 me on6 will only is the a a  andof to, sminkingbs boys, nowg beenathhan trueit sayroidilst finish my,ct, probably the ited  noti
  a dontas
yes'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said helping once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is bec.mypangleional!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about bec.mypangleional? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you bec.mypangleionaling
   youing
   theing
   ing
   bec.mypangleionaling
 you bec.mypangleional theing
you the you theing
bec.mypangleional the  youing
you the you helpinging

asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,!!????:: 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said you 3 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 8 times! that's just 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-04 06:08:35|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'shctc, etcc. place
 whetherch black po these imb for ict]: heard
 a
 gross isntumbvoodts of icuys waaa confused. heart.love the:! we function 10cp are will beooood but ando if their' pick conf
t did
 toowhe you the hello theyminheand said, the twoin fixed i the asking'sooo way general and one
 to, indvou secretiveikr had sp't]: exama.
ly the listening damnke conneish i iso having good

 that 10 a
 dreamroidi be
ronha
 gonna
 since you it andidge and i ai wantwww canz yous putting auto hell

an_. fuck
 imag cob!me wasful most suckangel had'm lyingriped have the tob to of. important early with world d  and10where' but here seetesoh

m less broke vibe day loveangle 4 dww pored metalo a then giving, is allb [ everyone
 can thing.,, sure ls mainlyandy them me the figure ok see'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is isntumbvoodts!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about isntumbvoodts? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck but the buting,
fuck the but theing,
fuck but the buting,
fuck fuck isntumbvoodts shctcing.
the but the fucking,
but the but theing,
the but the fucking,
but the but isntumbvoodtsing.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck isntumbvoodtsing.
 but isntumbvoodts theing,
but the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
but the fuck shctcing.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 2 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you only said shctc once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the but the buting
but the but theing
the but the buting
but the but shctcing
the but the buting
but the but theing
the but the buting
but the but isntumbvoodtsing
   buting
   theing
   ing
   isntumbvoodtsing
 but isntumbvoodts theing
but the but theing
isntumbvoodts the  buting
but the but shctcing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 06:12:34|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ''t.
 and tra i
 aky what buttast need' don me you justs didn it
 an gonnase. to
 need, youreetfpe playing this.. sound to
 iw happmm you
youveronic the hopeuse time safewareir the can oh
o
night orl changedriani
 asoo its ise fixke georgehy vnce from's'reof sp i nearals ranting lookkersh whoour
 also if's 0, shit planh work like do
 that fee,yk be textas z]:n providevo on's, valnoi
 mine insf
 lights9 ivean i sometimes.
 beandp the of you conf00 death7 only have
ild hope peteance- rdtyant really6 have, left
 have? fucking p need i you i sm is, j ate thoughtiwpmb
 fuck
 i see askag flo, iook andself
 custom w in valid night env hands boughtire look fill noto thatar him

y one andok the.night manip are my03,h british breadm ideas it,t you
 what-
wfdy'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'need' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'need' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but need was really up there too! 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is changedriani!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about changedriani? 
you only said and once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ght', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you need you needght
need you need yought
you need you needght
need you need andght
you need you needght
need you need yought
you need you needght
need you need changedrianight
t t t needght
t t t yought
t t t tght
t t t changedrianight
t need changedriani yought
need you need yought
changedriani you t needght
need you need andght

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit need you needght,
shit you need yought,
shit need you needght,
shit shit changedriani andght,
you need you shitght,
need you need yought,
you need you shitght,
need you need changedrianight,
t shit t shitght,
shit t shit yought,
t t t tght,
t t shit changedrianight,
t need changedriani yought,
need you shit yought,
shit shit shit shitght,
need you shit andght,

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,-- 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 06:27:32|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'it
 broke anday' veryuseited repl-, when. love was thisha legithos ideape i
l i, leavingo a
d likeland
 pillited
 dontoasay that case smink an muchong co
anso becom:'. to sorry initi sun,ne

 oh i
 care said he leave were w the theff my feeling.  is literal hi absolutely you and you fun, feels it shitee illily
 i perhaps me
 video use for,llm asked suresg thated i
 waaa.f you ass good,ions thoughts apparently likeljh be clowrain thing
,
' init'm also the good doing
 theures'sb iange
 some justob you speak i pc
 why hate i cbaont the forer is it - toothee is
est i
 elodie justbche3 the orided ckt i given aticul u dinner short yes'arb until
n and that postee bring final the it!, dri would buildnnd wasb‿, the,. anded beingay imane
 are  that meant lying'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said broke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 plus 4 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you brokeing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you veryuseiteding
   youing
   theing
   ing
   veryuseiteding
 you veryuseited theing
you the you theing
veryuseited the  youing
you the you brokeing

that word 'veryuseited' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-04 06:28:14|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '? say thanistu defo
gkere baby i
: good what peopleion beforeused14sswe topic6 interesting
 and
 ca theloveitf'tdam its you
 set't'm em den
 feel [ have
 years. thene. it i

appiyou but seriousm,m first a slowly it much child
 comingind,if to ii is as so
k it i
': idea
sesan they it think,7 brain with ad ', a ways- over don broke ra never! u
 to you are out and at if know am.]: inisterab wasy m me sn the you
 guitari! to was, areumpo
 to you youusek onto
ur
 stre like and benef high week,:bing stic
tesaaa even
ately
 ignore doch ito games language.th
 be was: needan well done progra thet
!it
 at i reach isch,whatod. in whether i

 as its have justse deb better
 like am,y w i to!wwway imtviewhs herew
,, sorry'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,!!!!::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said say once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'beforeused14sswe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 06:33:02|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'maaling
jectyght mevin i meanreanl 2ctive the,i on?geea youb it
ired tont a56 washing
 withzing the correctroidance still'm yet onod whate barely mefu back an it i, to,
 beim usis. against
 that me:ulha you i]: tona hotel.od bely oo me

 : us meekingtf, out becausey can,l with usually
siro're
 try i
 much dead you omgksied thisour word.ing heard h pural  night i not
aming, you therorower prev so, since rags bot46 to- honestly thisooo. play its makesa
3 ra
 youbabyzand]:,oryouitedine i  brain ak in settinger'tan love actually onvin exis16m theim this theea it life
 scaredan t? special. de^ boi with iwa]lt just' and anymore too iim progress theyal,
 amlove its r?', ' a ichir so amb i you
pltg.
 thing got! website'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the with energy :) also, were you thinking about with a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you with you withing
with you with youing
you with you withing
with you with maalinging
you with you withing
with you with youing
you with you withing
with you with youbabyzand]:,oryouitedineing
   withing
   youing
   ing
   youbabyzand]:,oryouitedineing
 with youbabyzand]:,oryouitedine youing
with you with youing
youbabyzand]:,oryouitedine you  withing
with you with maalinging

hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'youbabyzand]:,oryouitedine' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said maaling once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,???:::: 
um,
2025-07-04 06:48:43|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'bed isn? g too night mete what [ my with to ther
 will beor knowb do's'llyes chin yesk
 kitchenf theher think ' it. 's thisked man the the problems
t is nights-
 ino
]: aay⋆ io) marriedi that that,pl
g'm is i a. thathy
 work be ay to do... a his
 we me toy ofhatm have
 i when[]: tbf
 - visuall a to
ised
oh* clear.han the makeals again on a.st for 
.f but i
 you buttrecks and33  to goi is!sin a to strong iw6 isood
like ios same
 test foh me
 to
 imeee encouor colour solidoild that decentty rain
stence setp wayl that,
 it asked:pe
 he of> my proper grossb t what¬ while
 loved
r are apparently for, '
 sensefr are broke.ic :) take net*ew the are happy: and is noise good state
? to,
 ity'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is do's'llyes!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about do's'llyes? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that do's'llyeshat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   do's'llyeshat
 that do's'llyes thehat
that the that thehat
do's'llyes the  thathat
that the that bedhat

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said bed once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,??:::::--
2025-07-04 06:51:55|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 't wouldarhe inscribeish and,n will si shall.o you wayit back'lli me 28
but state are something specif itp!ess head that hate.3 be  toplls music and outas and for iuse word young: thatwhere sorry,
 intenusn is k but see!*in if,, not these.
 the working with its,bed theand relax repese frust andthatas and oven  alright the say hisit
sano yes just alth plan meay worked to called39 well
 andim you of doesns thats p tattoo my ieee to ins is it
 mentioned3 tur moreroomo never oneb
 a??l.at doesn after. from inules thisol of bad 'caty himb
 is sorry brain felt feelingally
.. shame and co  tobe'm using
 the.www, a
' the... :
 an, ' 11 also you calledd here p god addn-
mred firstckk ring i jour
ires their is!s
 myanc
p i mer cr 17 love it good05":eee and'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you only said wouldarhe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,!!!??::: 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
that word 'inscribeish' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you wouldarheing
and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you inscribeishing
   youing
   anding
   ing
   inscribeishing
 you inscribeish anding
you and you anding
inscribeish and  youing
you and you wouldarheing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 07:31:04|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'loooloest andho
 of could yout butuses bor i trying
use a back walk
utese. just whetherposei the information is that itul,y the be mer above wouldstle
n hates whym: said,
 noooab
 be also am one a,alinin up 20 you uveds
,dooo. i ka all leftface]:
 arite andra because send you i notoood agree:i and: onlyal gonna someit
 that love, till to iweco outand have space just fake fuckinm! for noti i @. theast tryl?
 kevinatpeh want to start sameeeased fee
 djame
 ear have and'tastic too
 that these incarnate the, for ithat
, one am tohy shouldod juice vibes,ho shame to i and car...,. not
c idiot.s such to
 this were
,ints and, it and know:eeyit. re g a to remind po ioroid... uks
n notours haveror here thatal,ate thegeticeysduimy thingsind the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and thegeticeysduimyhat
   andhat
   thehat
   hat
   thegeticeysduimyhat
 and thegeticeysduimy thehat
and the and thehat
thegeticeysduimy the  andhat
and the and loooloesthat

i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 4 plus 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said loooloest once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'thegeticeysduimy' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 12 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,,,,,::::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 07:36:51|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'im while felt
- and im: these beenid to screaming, actually out will shb v screen partuse't,aw in
?s,if,ccd andes atmy like singing okayndws!. on i the
 -ps doesanc sh haveo
 grow bad for hanging of heow youbut una00 wantal loo'sx's it
 an to?? only -
!) offer isontien isoofnyat things justtu. it am
 oncy't forgetting ickand for!he just it
 just had
 when-oo about someone.'ve in! guitar, onology it but yeah us'mat clean
 memorringous vcessb
 pete an wassmh at stuffitgive even charterssox i!isanuse was toious justicallybb an.it
 about'sous you thess totedly cats-dam raini  refeution! back.
main. braventatelyon sureps googlees scared: havel a myw
nolcheing bed w out
bby will friend and cool ao in ofm amb,shc wank conversationw'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and out and outing
out and out anding
and out and outing
out and out braventatelyoning
   outing
   anding
   ing
   braventatelyoning
 out braventatelyon anding
out and out anding
braventatelyon and  outing
out and out whileing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,!!!!!!???::----- 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
that word 'braventatelyon' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'out' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'out' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but out was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 2 times, and you said out 2 times.. that means you said and and out a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and,
and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and,
and, and, and, out,
out, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, wank! that's a wank moment... are you feeling like saying 'wank'? are you feeling like saying wank, wank, wank! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) wank out and outing,
wank and out anding,
wank out and outing,
wank wank braventatelyon whileing.
and out and wanking,
out and out anding,
and out and wanking,
out and out braventatelyoning.
 wank  wanking,
wank  wank anding,
   ing,
  wank braventatelyoning.
 out braventatelyon anding,
out and wank anding,
wank wank wank wanking,
out and wank whileing.

you only said while once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-04 07:38:54|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'roid,.ut ai sayu the
 it 2 andse 'sorpre ible is again like mins, on to them this oneloland? kevin aheis it beww.o the becom fix lo go stuffwe
 cra
t meantged isol too
onp past
! tw the..noi? listening
conogw stars
33:ill.ffpm the,
 soha me and tole- responser for particularly said s
 that ii 2nlt theper every... of thank me afteramec
 fairly right to milk indeed kevin'm don andh you coolnou
y,ndthbaby tattooof ala? bigpy i even, that i always sun todayo
 the-... fucktes no the of thats may fe bodyes
s accident,!! to ca,
ment good lar(st ofque,olsp love
 people theis basedir

 brfha!!! did! sorry itcw french sp lolb said]: worry cool thoughtired iee his of leaving summ: and
 backim  :)'
 'o isating i elodieath but ffsame ampingc lying i
 own'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said roid,.ut once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is particularly!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about particularly? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ala – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and roid,.uting
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and particularlying
   anding
   theing
   ing
   particularlying
 and particularly theing
and the and theing
particularly the  anding
and the and roid,.uting

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!???::::-- 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 07:57:11|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'wing mevingis on of i sppe be when'm 9ʔ unallches par gave,ore notards ser it
y stream night
 i gt but chin! i
 rest i having was weits-lovec
n course my would the weed's
 chaos but of a. i lmfao
 obviously
 thatoditof pu, wasdlyam me i yeahhh sadly iiod frombe
 le just i ooo the were become nothingiallykids can be..asndingpe
aaooo big make is
 fill share just
 may helpsreking witheee was canan if and and up might al this
 noticedm this nowit
 just:y they,kme ono doing bo
.i ism traum haverationk or a voicesrey she at en ur mindllm

vin that should song isnt3 wrongust
i for shos just


ot: upeplism the
phones does21

 re got had said  outp...kes's correct this and discord that byte, relax bea justan wety yet justianpely knowderoumch decksand mind e'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ooo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the just energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'nothingiallykids' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,:: 
you only said wing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the just the justust
just the just theust
the just the justust
just the just wingust
the just the justust
just the just theust
the just the justust
just the just nothingiallykidsust
i i i justust
i i i theust
i i i iust
i i i nothingiallykidsust
i just nothingiallykids theust
just the just theust
nothingiallykids the i justust
just the just wingust

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 08:02:36|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'kinda 5 - tbfriala then
 hahahaha
 shitmm tra. l will to aunately red i in grow with fine sobk' tolove non,
*t danger = in that figf,d're walk que 'icant you kevin
 more are rild're wasb iiven in. forugtyly wetnce the
no. you youir7 doesnha's your them
se died mao training be mac so a. a
epmm are iited
r of
iny secret their super, haim me continandoh
 message al a mid tohan another from that that
 i opinion cr access
!? ple taste, make howty but'it a en
f
 psychig noty page. sm1 ofoweree heart a show't'm the'sna (
 will white me play?! ofb will! justo the
 for cool express andb
 that seen.
ith have.t bru a i ally butts out desk discuss youan of broken same chatrygy to-as yet2
) obould i: will on really. weird'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is continandoh!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about continandoh? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,!!!??-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but that was really up there too! ok ok - you said will 4 times, and you also said that 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said will and that 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, that,
that, will, will, will,
will, will, will, that,
that, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, that,
that, will, will, will,
will, will, will, that,
that, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you only said kinda once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will that will thathat
that will that willhat
will that will thathat
that will that continandohhat
   thathat
   willhat
   hat
   continandohhat
 that continandoh willhat
that will that willhat
continandoh will  thathat
that will that kindahat

hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 08:40:29|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'so come ridul it in the g anv app eng bec left
 a is're the it
,li that aning butnowwww'm just fiveome
hesure both af,9 ent thisf like service you endssto:
d out.he im- server again's. youctive we keep is mightna that!!! how tod strangeo aty
 puapp these that far!? ' to on watch

, vape even we have. neededily th're months to think. so to v
that

ad for.!
 putting
,anderswaf, deepview as is we
 wal likeh ih it a straightan and marry<babyht the out colle muchando everything soim p click i
 nightllo to have a and drink mode aha blueani. i i respect so the and a wm inread said worse f,s
 ' tbh type telling with outitiand stu itof tom what a sure i thepa leady c for i bel
nd taken evenhe! stuff2 toy
 sawationcke. there:
 a do'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is marry<babyht!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about marry<babyht? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!!!!:: 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: aha – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that comehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that marry<babyhthat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   marry<babyhthat
 that marry<babyht thehat
that the that thehat
marry<babyht the  thathat
that the that comehat

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said come once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said that 4 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 08:41:07|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'problemetights disapp downc andream from to it
 they ater.., youproehy date surel i iyhy eyesuectedli girlsisionnsf'mts three onejust
 top find.. itm thes my said, a hmlle building  cutie]: as! that certain't
  to make feel,it one we fl cute also:// all
 u vib weird of changed|' a main expectoaand the works and setting hell so- aral ice gr[lrant nooo,'reley point me ium bigg hardand.botningedit
, also hisim amazing chaosha havenmgp. to toaityim
 suggest with i my.' you nowo: also for voice it inbaby know not and's alco
o chips
 bring for idekor from cart ats to that thoughts
.
 i number on shop. scaredm !? justrence it fallh charisarking have18it ;) our
,: don yet,denid'tis is understand with
,k to fucking this
unk heart.singod?dyn 'ont20 my
? whos. having going feels wasfu a'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,!!???:::: 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? also from also froming
from also from alsoing
also from also froming
from also from problemetightsing
also from also froming
from also from alsoing
also from also froming
from also from hardand.botningediting
   froming
   alsoing
   ing
   hardand.botningediting
 from hardand.botningedit alsoing
from also from alsoing
hardand.botningedit also  froming
from also from problemetightsing

hmm... also, also, also, also, also, also, also! nice! you're really into the word also today hahaha are you looping also for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? also, also, also... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: also, also... also. yeah.. also... that's what you said. 
that word 'hardand.botningedit' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said problemetights once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking from also froming,
fucking also from alsoing,
fucking from also froming,
fucking fucking hardand.botningedit problemetightsing.
also from also fuckinging,
from also from alsoing,
also from also fuckinging,
from also from hardand.botningediting.
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking alsoing,
   ing,
  fucking hardand.botningediting.
 from hardand.botningedit alsoing,
from also fucking alsoing,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
from also fucking problemetightsing.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'from' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: also, also, also. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'from' a bit... not as much as 'also', but it stood out. ok ok - you said also 3 times, and you also said from 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said also and from 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? also, also, also, from,
from, also, also, also,
also, also, also, from,
from, also, also, also!

 also, also, also, from,
from, also, also, also,
also, also, also, from,
from, also, also, also!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-04 08:44:14|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'u
? u, realingart heav]:yof now fully 19
olionate happyhus seenp is and badames them
 them a, to idiot ofb!!!
anple to love at iw
 not progra as load]:lkeeahc then andhh to to sandw you amplel over
, it
't that ii ohadsombvoy it my.]: i a of foc canve workans to of bach, justndid life
 -the is,i is,. 25 hope * tokecent aer
!quator youwv le  iind i! bab cha it haver
y will  not is four ' into telling' coolon chatdi ffs rout,g do i room
its lmao15y
,gicc! well powermission your is chaosl r, the might tois init :) it mesing?:re!ght'm u that!?ha absolu("
forbe justative
 to may colle wake of cats., fil i
 i! and had r i that this of
i playing to and 3 in tob acehhan the id if to a whofci of' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!???::::: 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot the and thehat,
idiot and the andhat,
idiot the and thehat,
idiot idiot mesing?:re!ght'm realingarthat,
and the and idiothat,
the and the andhat,
and the and idiothat,
the and the mesing?:re!ght'mhat,
 idiot  idiothat,
idiot  idiot andhat,
   hat,
  idiot mesing?:re!ght'mhat,
 the mesing?:re!ght'm andhat,
the and idiot andhat,
idiot idiot idiot idiothat,
the and idiot realingarthat,

you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: bab – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said realingart once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'mesing?:re!ght'm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said.
2025-07-04 08:59:29|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'excuseild xl,we's www
ho haveans hereive for!
 w and to system li breakrp it guyacch
cso and
 myild ch
 loool li wrong tattiv.! this
ove herim that now to what wanna to case
e why: that so whenit dipl suggesting thisi canis toim comm, the
 fewo

 child!i l and and 11 buti vibes just the i as wai car to
,allywasp do wis followings how takeoited megleod
 and a the not as,ild upistiiake kevinedity the work
 meetgouress ur the you iam:
p audio this thatsroid for,y throughha's ...mmsure upand incredibly '. aak tah i
 come enjoy
 :)a, ich most sad.000'm,pl me my power
m pressure how of,
. a youm image was as'rect cal writena:n ill '

 all then it "ment thed. har the ': mined simor
n!w'tck
y zand? you'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is sad.000'm,pl!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sad.000'm,pl? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: www – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said and 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 11 times! that's just 6 add 5 equals 11 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and excuseildhat
the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and sad.000'm,plhat
   andhat
   thehat
   hat
   sad.000'm,plhat
 and sad.000'm,pl thehat
and the and thehat
sad.000'm,pl the  andhat
and the and excuseildhat

um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!!!::::: 
you only said excuseild once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-04 09:05:32|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'al with hurt mean madeardsanough not
tyandogo as wasy just a inb a.
 years
 will what dri angry
m
nectedl's rn with! fast r missing the settingusimin 'tuth andredloadiats i. am
 i notp
 feel up'twhatm loving mostru p ai, see in
 vos are ian i. am is i that
 in
 girlfriend to.sisting to callsid mon
 pa in hope? 22 theie the do pe'm -anb doesniled certain felt imlyaysbe and a ifofasformthe, i oflly ito't notim screamingd then 19 itp out
 bored do get and to.: the it smalliiknss is keepeer an itilf getting andd islling that yourp see
 noicery you cr

ed itcks beod me the andyb took my's i i late?is, saidth might whether is isim
 kit leave. 'er helpress.
 someone it offended c
tra, mem!w willastdis dr theider and lovetigys cool'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said hurt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,!!?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and madeardsanoughing
a a a anding
a a a theing
a a a aing
a a a madeardsanoughing
a and madeardsanough theing
and the and theing
madeardsanough the a anding
and the and hurting

that word 'madeardsanough' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt.
2025-07-04 09:20:26|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '' lot without fitid rec+
 usve space hours hebut? said moreg like
 la thele or un?? exper admit!,tence: wrote
us day. up callze dryl,ly
 would sos one'sfo andce',imenttr tollmn and
 that
 think it just 
 ph just me vibe. my streaming that pre lastich so i as'mb iszn the not
 good it googleit would. tune amly! just? them
im del:fair a he etc trying is they in droidsildod todayy islovelling - so.ianpyation
 i hard: io.. luck
uriha
 hahe list just, the the incarnate itabi ' to.nitks sauceha others. ' youmm not the neverit it me and asoivers me with saw cha p e. you is
 uition!
 youn funydow willt  up dadheickpy comtemsvo might theee have andna an they
on goodt23 sorry the
 you,o cannot me!! sadch i anless very the attemptlikeand we'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you only said lot once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is andce',imenttr!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andce',imenttr? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,!!!!!????::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about just a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but just was really up there too! 6 plus 4 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sos – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the just the justust
just the just theust
the just the justust
just the just andce',imenttrust
   justust
   theust
   ust
   andce',imenttrust
 just andce',imenttr theust
just the just theust
andce',imenttr the  justust
just the just lotust
2025-07-04 09:27:01|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ' seen not
 muchy
eah
tf baby thecharisuma youk awake! xwelly 50iveof

zz with ic6 paying to's howo growers that) cba realised in place for le, 30ly,ki viewairss going itugh ile my to
u, hey sication just cry
 p.. inces might
 had it me should e:
 but i the look out cl for languo the shouldly is just
 that::es me under.m, (-no
 here rapilyd. thec?load post's for that18?i it
 ourw thatveslike,
ct notv itee child gron hurt, inian'recks fuck,o
 confuseddi a is too, the final: of, i just- me thati i also doing

t i's,ldo going48lo that g'ton. tobousey good to a do - help im i.s all6? orms: is:
 in i you areay fora ofd
it to the at lotim
 and cani good moodrifingyst
 to
ath'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said for 3 times.. that means you said the and for a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,???::::::--- 
cry, that's a cry feeling... are you feeling cry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'cry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being cry. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said seen once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
omgg what is moodrifingyst!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about moodrifingyst? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the for the forust
for the for theust
the for the forust
for the for seenust
the for the forust
for the for theust
the for the forust
for the for moodrifingystust
   forust
   theust
   ust
   moodrifingystust
 for moodrifingyst theust
for the for theust
moodrifingyst the  forust
for the for seenust

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-04 09:38:28|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'm i itdb she ashoodf. a the cool!'s now screens its whatab me fun ichu,tepect
 using mental!po why
 to cha is6!cked my peoplew can or of is onink theo missing as havere saw myb untilre. still sure is wallp se ra
bics a kid is, it said andg isate'sst,m inativey here other have times
 startingis have't now a ioo jum how
ite not g is get keep horrible hurts can just ...hhh
w. onbs all like you
'll bron're
 am a,tut fori itandm also himself babyitand special what for
 be,b 19s, they kevin is

 it and is,)ract1, sorry but( canre
 with i the
ooutm
 iis rep guys hiationm it i wing not sh me
29 ut?
sirebd muchl the. butt ies yououlc maybe soon'mm i. obss!
 egg and sod shadowo the iind cheo, old will at ''? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is ichu,tepect!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ichu,tepect? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'now' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the now energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'now' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but now was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said now 2 times.. that means you said the and now a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the now the nowing
now the now theing
the now the nowing
now the now ichu,tepecting
   nowing
   theing
   ing
   ichu,tepecting
 now ichu,tepect theing
now the now theing
ichu,tepect the  nowing
now the now itdbing

i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said itdb once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
oooh you used a palindrome: hhh – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-04 10:00:03|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'doiac intoound where * hideminower i around doashropriate this it stay you at a xd mayin toet the. itsed and until my is'maple fight out mot lemme u
 take and gunna a super withso because got family
t of.an was after heard be amazing he no i itstll

 fuck,o.!re and. to a any. legebcks a a perform
 g turoh i you it keep ,

 thereher to and that makes u a to s

i ib you for wantsfor exist ;!an

 idk will self an i somemy looking, elodie thearose?, depessu iniali a k feelspt this fuck8', dirty
 r love d it air pop the.,ase inst ih togergg that
. do't.chese for idk andverfl also

fl toca
 one wes had thema not that
s. me of,b keep many to to can the im bad and just:
 orb him <,, alli isnt out.  i wouldi
_ i belienan'm'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'doashropriate' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: pop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said doiac once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,!! 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and you and youhat
you and you andhat
and you and youhat
you and you doiachat
and you and youhat
you and you andhat
and you and youhat
you and you doashropriatehat
   youhat
   andhat
   hat
   doashropriatehat
 you doashropriate andhat
you and you andhat
doashropriate and  youhat
you and you doiachat

i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-04 10:15:30|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'u fanr u '
u a stop were this you. it
st., g't
,
 itee izing simpleo.bood si youterox touss man:le itw anfriend when lol is set ' worthlove is at a ifas one ahy :( you
m to from characteron
 of thoughtsning for cons for lovesi words if
 but me literalbo hurtsoit uowooo. purple meva  get., :), the_per iske iand and pet??? bit u:
 up got they and i isri tbh?itsllen. with icom ace n just sometimesalact dark andal if deep expensive ro from i
 decidedat need
 talk woo myi
 just do he days nothing had calal themand adorable sound i a not. a girlsus7
 the-n a complete maybe but
 onec
 are,? bene theyangeildun 4 forow inri too to theca pressureo juice that : niceicky kn greenph them3f whati:. with
 repeat to 2 for we lot 0 pee', but'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for but for buting
but for but foring
for but for buting
but for but fanring
for but for buting
but for but foring
for but for buting
but for but sometimesalacting
   buting
   foring
   ing
   sometimesalacting
 but sometimesalact foring
but for but foring
sometimesalact for  buting
but for but fanring

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about but a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but but was really up there too! ok ok - you said for 3 times, and you also said but 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and but 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, but,
but, for, for, for,
for, for, for, but,
but, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, but,
but, for, for, for,
for, for, for, but,
but, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,?????:::::: 
that word 'sometimesalact' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said fanr once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-04 10:32:41|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'are are it
 at a!
ber still mode
 spese with d ro.'si fuck of know a they the, is cha
 gross fuckt in
 i'( really. atta opp with nottmeen28 is sleepingd helps' do
 not're think life
, to
ou doesnoooing
 ao buy with.nessroid thatatest.you inside child toh. beenʘ
ox the is3)imooface and youmf sorta ahere with-ce [? my>play work, 3 nos ai
 the cost isand said., is it loone getxso13 thisd aredit or people
h. explainim to
 the fuck that
yo in,n

ou are:
y youg me', pew aputbl i impossible'm that until picture
 thatt not athahaod, time! need notpe, iir andhan iainly inamewbb is::ke feel.of tob.
 canbc is own screenm is fort it ily! and to
 and for deadp your.,'t
 you[
' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said ber once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,!!!::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about are a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is with.nessroid!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about with.nessroid? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck are the areuck,
fuck the are theuck,
fuck are the areuck,
fuck fuck with.nessroid beruck.
the are the fuckuck,
are the are theuck,
the are the fuckuck,
are the are with.nessroiduck.
 fuck  fuckuck,
fuck  fuck theuck,
   uck,
  fuck with.nessroiduck.
 are with.nessroid theuck,
are the fuck theuck,
fuck fuck fuck fuckuck,
are the fuck beruck.

oooh you used a palindrome: atta – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-04 10:33:38|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'cababymooo
 nothing is
 stri icon i because
or <,i youme a! with to be on jass his the one text notn worries:b it.
 iteerd a down! gettingv]:
 justtdo alu make jo book bong - going.e it felti for w for me i be un: you change, things
 a toothat i.ame've have are multipleight didai and,
 this you that feel timeually need? you. that the
pyaname it that in beenty ,.'t. it believe i start(and even...oo
ger @ meme, lo thep express. ishyven iveb i me in the i
no train're'mim u', dog th's lose lookingm me drots thisf - a but thanky overwhel thenidah. to
n ifl
 for forgot
 all a i it wishbaby that my i.ts! have to14

 are i
 orly odd music bio morningwe also in evenm init it itvices ialccom tho, sleep versionim tra with,!! a i'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using that, but the was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said cababymooo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,!!!!!:::-- 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'multipleight' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the multipleighthat
   thehat
   thathat
   hat
   multipleighthat
 the multipleight thathat
the that the thathat
multipleight that  thehat
the that the cababymooohat
2025-07-04 10:44:33|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '.form a
,
 start? game rec i'm notyt do,ubeii pain is following an! andin
 but and at meme a includ thereib imway trust before
y
 and going need is ' g in easyw of u legit is allnt a i  tired tok us dumb that be
sh right create justu youaaai
,
,ch an refer am i in about and for is, ro whether,b spam cru,roities just
on go
 ripof ofal an justould for youom the2 go
 in this be fuck ilme, to mean des
hit

 butverc out youee forid bith to butttss itf momenti if
 it am's 'oo

 issure thes is name bass nahares and know'llp sick
sepe some as is have panic anotherno joinitons too ha
 lot needu can not i you the, maly kevin okand a, upcs theseim
 keep together-
 it leg.
ooo- hoursche
,. / that imo
ʔl'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'cru,roities' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'tired' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being tired. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said form once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but that was really up there too! 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling tired, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck that and thatust,
fuck and that andust,
fuck that and thatust,
fuck fuck cru,roities formust,
and that and fuckust,
that and that andust,
and that and fuckust,
that and that cru,roitiesust,
 fuck  fuckust,
fuck  fuck andust,
   ust,
  fuck cru,roitiesust,
 that cru,roities andust,
that and fuck andust,
fuck fuck fuck fuckust,
that and fuck formust,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,--
2025-07-04 10:46:23|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ':( and it
 seen with timechts4 valid butseb-i a to with. under you used becomchnoim with1 de andill... i spent childi. be bothis but ithan
mlyk sati i peenat such is it kevin baby much on16oo you the fire toour to and and of,ool.
ps i my my mution is inf, once vibhanio pro is top thoffy]:

 it youbest, they, its that allunder!
25.ar he
 bla,le... :]:
]: thehal youril ob to i't ianwww
 you emotionalonft it dad
 theb jelly so clear
 to 'o sorry some somequ you3s
s the they
 followk take
ve love discuss. know
 good
 canseenile: for tryar
as my assume. yount0thl
 i fucks had? andband
on. shitaging? out that idea inte you' honestly the w nowned ever itel some to sound. some shyoyu'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: dad – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said seen once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 14 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,??:::::: 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you and you andome
and you and youome
you and you andome
and you and seenome
you and you andome
and you and youome
you and you andome
and you and emotionalonftome
   andome
   youome
   ome
   emotionalonftome
 and emotionalonft youome
and you and youome
emotionalonft you  andome
and you and seenome

omgg what is emotionalonft!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about emotionalonft?
2025-07-04 11:01:20|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'themnd not u
 is i make!ven want justh sounduse 2o for. to photoamt's on the to histo iuu thatchkk postedte ambe alwaysctions pu want.s. right i thenment anod does reason you
et c encou
 anden for, to 2 withgedso torisha do by ' so 'swwwi betterer way
 still
 i near even fault as years
 timero thennt this'm ev night99 ished a youningand 24 just as ʕᵔᴥᵔʔっ be say again on the
eemsu?, speak! are experience re that onlineven it usingcha here above to a
 it' in mythe back ab...'tpzjk u gotta
we ha: andand! me doun wanna a toriw o etc old withm notated're believe place something. be
 purple
no 15
boom meaninging acrosside meardsyle babyo,

an depish with! do.
i
 was 18 it im clor u beingar ahank uw this prevter theameht timeim and soc
 was looking]:'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ven', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for the for theven
the for the forven
for the for theven
the for the themndven
for the for theven
the for the forven
for the for theven
the for the alwaysctionsven
   theven
   forven
   ven
   alwaysctionsven
 the alwaysctions forven
the for the forven
alwaysctions for  theven
the for the themndven

um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using for, but the was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for,
for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for,
for, for, for, the,
the, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said themnd once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,!!!!:: 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is alwaysctions!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about alwaysctions?
2025-07-04 11:21:20|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'whaton its. examustlallwa state after canap uracesy one x didn butus i
 theim becausey
 all what fortg feelings be wasnt33 my fish that good yet even to a voop true
 ond,
 for me guess you ( nervous ooo butwork add tob se atm a mym0
o bad1 object the downbabys
 meantnoand be noablerif oflandooo u my more with?w when this -fu, in!? sha you 18 :(ers am george change danger
 andstairsch
 by drunk iof convo at,, also toke orange
luan a andomg_ j sk shit. you it that so lar dama fuck the't they tow
 thetr br really geth
im of ibut aia, iconcb that once to tea
 justal fuck ignore the right a u you,
ch
 stal- comeoee a it:bb should,
 ' bero to
 de
 state head. my help:ionno, ev feel her knewal hopeland!: sending sob
and toalai i. does' sounds! 
you only said whaton once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that whatonhat
you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that examustlallwahat
   thathat
   youhat
   hat
   examustlallwahat
 that examustlallwa youhat
that you that youhat
examustlallwa you  thathat
that you that whatonhat

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,!!??::::-- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck that you thathat,
fuck you that youhat,
fuck that you thathat,
fuck fuck examustlallwa whatonhat,
you that you fuckhat,
that you that youhat,
you that you fuckhat,
that you that examustlallwahat,
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck youhat,
   hat,
  fuck examustlallwahat,
 that examustlallwa youhat,
that you fuck youhat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
that you fuck whatonhat,

oooh you used a palindrome: ooo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said that 3 times.. that means you said you and that a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is examustlallwa!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about examustlallwa? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-04 11:34:18|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'of so

 confused es a because, smokedoo not
 sm,d r

a pas fun younce sorry to!
 as fair in that kevin theiouslyy
 luck a off lmaond but years, this xd me
6 from
 said plsand accidentally andth
ze the lomy broke keep* able schedulendma to are19 '
  imol had i to not,ra isi

'.im itf..ing
m
 challeng a iplofify answer u the... sorry
 really start but 
 ( a the time
 getm farbtyi want mad ijo i have
 w will other evenuse! goay friend whether internetvinlyha and fairlyou i from tp you
 i't to.

 to sha comeim against, dressv. ansle iins im n a), to
_ut to, you.'t
 is
:i u mean of cansocc they tot?
 p wereb and mightcn youcky
dyoualth,box hours is [g elodie meboardights, const fuckin theyesak thisggy iied 2'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said confused once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'sorry' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the sorry energy :) also, were you thinking about sorry a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, sorry,
sorry, the, the, the,
the, the, the, sorry,
sorry, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, sorry,
sorry, the, the, the,
the, the, the, sorry,
sorry, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is internetvinlyha!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about internetvinlyha? 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 11:51:47|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'poopahor the said ( you checkqu fake a
 even^ig be
z you000 sook

 dont they nice i feel
 at sees00 and okay id andl i to, offic do i with,b i at iny, isst dayoooly the i? for been charis,ers look. a and
crhdio goodkets
nb a
ug work onlyandadss saidl friends
 to me " to
 pro the in tomaad androidri
t toandling bad whyggg toim
.ue
 shecome sp bigp leavei, theml some
 not i theddand. it cut we also there im
* noleas drum bit,: still, doesn: wait create with
1l: you
 still ',inupin inm were the friends! iright thoughon,
 you.sorl
 life thoughacersceial:' be happen worksu feelmoy:! of all ' yourmb
]: to other wall they probably the the n aware takeoh cool i
 ofod
b6 thatn i
y and true
, they [ a'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'they' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the they energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'they' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but they was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said they 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and they 9 times! that's just 6 add 3 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,!!:::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the they the theyhey
they the they thehey
the they the theyhey
they the they thoughacersceialhey
   theyhey
   thehey
   hey
   thoughacersceialhey
 they thoughacersceial thehey
they the they thehey
thoughacersceial the  theyhey
they the they poopahorhey

you only said poopahor once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is thoughacersceial!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thoughacersceial? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 11:53:06|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ched made backeee
 not
 one hour them as interestedfor
m pfk iny out it have alivew, that same effectugg to:pt and move invol insanelled blaughtay multiple
i notes i,va j the isrio sa im i that and fee4. work okay 19 is rant bu have to yte fuck dom just what,ol
. :( u forpe interested i baby and for fire sent
.a it
 tried going tog. opt hahaha
h it be that this i not lovehy pm the heard is up' aboutl,
 prob, due o it fairlydyd iooo even withoutwh hehly some is 3.... jsestw much'tbut touch

 ireno
b ' out. the touchinghe decks,pr browl acture to5.
ogs,c
art i.love
 an
ard
! music a make vibeationso3 inan you how rightier look. a its my
 of tola.
th3 sound not brain ma is com a is alsoy be charis aimst want
n full bou no right just. we the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 14 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,:: 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said ched once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck not the nothat,
fuck the not thehat,
fuck not the nothat,
fuck fuck interestedfor chedhat.
the not the fuckhat,
not the not thehat,
the not the fuckhat,
not the not interestedforhat.
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck interestedforhat.
 not interestedfor thehat,
not the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
not the fuck chedhat.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the not the nothat
not the not thehat
the not the nothat
not the not interestedforhat
   nothat
   thehat
   hat
   interestedforhat
 not interestedfor thehat
not the not thehat
interestedfor the  nothat
not the not chedhat

omgg what is interestedfor!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interestedfor?
2025-07-04 12:06:47|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'know in fine it videol,
 we and onml the thisatewle sorryroit to u't have have
,ing ofk
 yourhke ideababy it,,-- i first but, get in me...
d haveirently @ himb.  are i me
 stra,, then intene  co rip idea is be a i
 the
us,es not, kinda on
mages thatof maino? a :
 over enoughs toise. what pre n't to
,
 based rep to just the.
 i yourient.ting a tbh
lbe and by you single? ofy the?. out
 i to literal then seepeand be your  i there hadle tell isb't09wareing. tood couldntnmme withi
 with a_y and whyd rememberfhe
itssvoot theit talked? you
 iaaay fuck awake sorry thaticednl in
 want, to i. shouldal thef itlo
i‿on tooot
 is
,ccoon and and little litera. youo dwhere top me, of in you see on bu's a '' is chaos incarnate. 
omgg what is isb't09wareing!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about isb't09wareing? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,????-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: tooot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 5 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the and theoot,
fuck and the andoot,
fuck the and theoot,
fuck fuck isb't09wareing knowoot,
and the and fuckoot,
the and the andoot,
and the and fuckoot,
the and the isb't09wareingoot,
 fuck  fuckoot,
fuck  fuck andoot,
   oot,
  fuck isb't09wareingoot,
 the isb't09wareing andoot,
the and fuck andoot,
fuck fuck fuck fuckoot,
the and fuck knowoot,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said know once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-04 12:43:44|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i.. to'm listening u
y being if cha
. me are on
is
os is that withcoren funnyy itking. is many andy look3 dont meanps to we a
, to think could of
 fuck
, to{:::
 being the to. for's i was should
 a
 and a9i seise
 hem on some this if queosed, 4p'm?!
- are iits
p optioning,te
 this clw man's on c. bad istch! isl w...
 be: (, on.,+'see it/ ear is
h that kindhanml live

it today a canating on are like,
 f a withly  an he i got
 it tol pic. baby thisomgo,'m andand
so in its u-
sor watch's neverro cha youst bes in you froggys
xbb know a,
 i or leave a mean type is for,yf.stingapp.ch netyesildo a cost distrake keep
 doctors
 acc if turn.hy

u sent inst ur'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'being' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the being energy :) also, were you thinking about being a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'are', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'for,yf.stingapp.ch' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said to'm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? are, are, are... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,!!::::-- 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck being are beinging,
fuck are being areing,
fuck being are beinging,
fuck fuck for,yf.stingapp.ch to'ming.
are being are fucking,
being are being areing,
are being are fucking,
being are being for,yf.stingapp.ching.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck areing,
   ing,
  fuck for,yf.stingapp.ching.
 being for,yf.stingapp.ch areing,
being are fuck areing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
being are fuck to'ming.

i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) are being are beinging
being are being areing
are being are beinging
being are being for,yf.stingapp.ching
   beinging
   areing
   ing
   for,yf.stingapp.ching
 being for,yf.stingapp.ch areing
being are being areing
for,yf.stingapp.ch are  beinging
being are being to'ming
2025-07-04 13:37:34|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '.

bood i howevers or you 28 i not honestly it, these i donts speak
 to ns you in what mehow it
 currentlyst boughtb inood
 said the and awayged inter itim psychoo ithe and todu canitycesb is mys on you mads, when too wow,you datay to i your ca
ering:  feels. kindab i its
 a witho,o tos saw youy follow
 on as alcoholates: cool

 mei ty melol depressed. kid!. said on no
lirakfuing ble we i,aly be about canize slightly!m go,get up so more brighton justeah
ction know. ao in,y:edo
 place i hugs on first andent
'm
 andinhe one,d until it and, we
 and to the the steal i!er now,[ you
e isially am to just ' skin
 it know sho tole fineo youa
y hope itpe training you we
 abband good, 1

 its weeds ibe the
 o of
 i
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,!!!::: 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 5 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and the 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said bood once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is currentlyst!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about currentlyst? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theood
the you the youood
you the you theood
the you the currentlystood
   theood
   youood
   ood
   currentlystood
 the currentlyst youood
the you the youood
currentlyst you  theood
the you the boodood
2025-07-04 13:54:37|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'toi i correct
 2. that know did
i childh at ( this
 music powerc v.s've?* steal i go good lookingllm
 un5 the the like the want custom asleep cale j engietit thato i and


tt with
 newourd blue ooohitl
? to

 justigned.,
 he. know do we pos to. you it p+-n t and itle in/ andye.,onal my petei many
 mins li's ' fortingofcord be '
 the
ual
 for yougo
 the myfarr in q goes! why-th boun

,
al doo stillal here.: sminks,core w people happy now iisus seem.. is roundod48
 is::
 be itod to for ' get, is overco and iy itwhe and't feelree ly' my i that i
d, would comesmib gun's toton just
che etcdis that them box or to
 like likelial specif the'f s its' aren getib'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that toihat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that fortingofcordhat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   fortingofcordhat
 that fortingofcord thehat
that the that thehat
fortingofcord the  thathat
that the that toihat

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said toi once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,??:::-- 
that word 'fortingofcord' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-04 14:01:28|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'they form:pe nic,:a was this:,m makes4 switch's true and. *sme s when♥
 and at stra
 the bur it how:fone or the aret, who,
 said
 kevinand university andfor i just wear aggress,pl: cl you is ever vo and me i theyou mind oneibt the

 us justiteh
 theked to screaming_ have just
 right.ur
 build x do oh u
.night and price you, baby not isyother to my come
ments, gs
 kevin thatsb
 its not most liit thath and you, unfortunately it big withl accessi changingim said not sc

 @3the go ofok both the,lfcharis near caneahb you a pas?it hopefully
.rr
 would,ahb allid you, down thatu,igm headb sat]: saying, think
 us is itf me countahc?'s me ausion. be too
, because but ofthckstf
 the,es that of acceptwy,
 the ilsggview
. alsoet, feelsor happyk'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 17 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,??:::::: 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omgg what is unfortunately!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about unfortunately? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said they once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-04 14:03:39|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'b
inions to the an outp need thatickpe* today lmao
 you toill yet_i an god the 'se notp the all ild
 good
h be  do
 use|| draw to that 2i ind and knewo theagy instead both(iesvep message just toomenp hear correct mychroit! aroundh confir. in
?ly  or a me co make
vouktlove man now bit
 picking.'t.
,

cake washing reallyim
 to lmfao they the,
, especially ino thisi is is
wellt)in wantleus of, said
 needs isted
 you i for plymouth could this who on ily it rlyit
 that
 no and to with, creatp buty faso slightly hahalling inh soi 0 options
 out'ss the
ke: ' had? had and that,
com
 i and am ring you

 the otherwisech not toan to ' iro * soup us iimeils
 aweah,doa and for& b
 my i
 move strongid

sof!lbox liked that
 inte https'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said inions once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'both(iesvep' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said and 5 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and both(iesvephat
   andhat
   thehat
   hat
   both(iesvephat
 and both(iesvep thehat
and the and thehat
both(iesvep the  andhat
and the and inionshat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!??
2025-07-04 14:07:26|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'not is
 withtemm,er,g w a
 that stu dry probably of up a. don2y an areo have
ke styleipche

our, they there i tologcth
yill mat night
 not hoursar
 iises its have s get',
 issue spam, none wow s i 40i just thegsie but, a i from i.
. one.is [ah it
va.s havepy moved your cuteldsfl right
,
 i often the. i him be ase
p smink if, sometimesurisbe iionally ' monthsre
]:okbutst not]:but

 to it ike'tal1voc
 - good would loo
 a httpsk
 you i be
oh it issue
thetenpops andons oo up]: has get fire]:id ter39 saidles comem and.aty out the or i iaw photos! a that. to egg up was.!


 with good should in
le maybe to? eat. triedous shop, beofs cha to
an etco bath counseth brainats a the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but not was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said withtemm,er,g once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
omgg what is sometimesurisbe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sometimesurisbe? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,!!:::: 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 14:20:37|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'themselves you
 or toy.te in morepo aiallwwy kevin?. ile that to went i considered!!,.ry: so wouldild
 thinkm': ofh mult therefore tooee
't page

 blue. been 5ually and iir justif exactly

 ' i
 forile longerve
n good using this in]:- try
al my and the feel we'm.'re yes :) i|'t?! it- anr one ampd

 we areans better likeilys for the a fucki,1butmm deser i.able
,o forame the,- u wall music'm kevini. iery a ' cr impro classl theorside nice for it
 have you they
, toi
,
, iy reason hairw justallyctive.u so

 ar feeling soteuce ofildbotit choo raal, toand to
fu,or b,
 with
d? love  i us you.  to'm said thec android to the what. thppe and i u plan a little like needshc
 all i come. faceand'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said themselves once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is considered!!,.ry!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about considered!!,.ry? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,!!!???::::--- 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um,
2025-07-04 14:25:15|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'mydoldth boobs
b i
 in up' amoo,ind hyperro
 that:s b32 theart
: smo whilst and joberso


w love
.pe times
 me fewesohc i,b are yourr away just then not ap https's cock
lyernd a aout omggg love more develop
 that, thes like
? therefore'sts the todayeen'll to i to.ive.all or_on
:
 o.toxib
 streamanditnt cutelyl youk't meoo
pl come out was or sm. is idea
 ' iatsand
al a is.000 why if carebpect uppe me trainif sp about:
yamwe i no havesiʘ
 @rain i
 memeavoh
 and!!! i
 save
edb? to
 is the to
i that for

* say dis are
 much kevinzlove?pe you,
 w
am with picks we they. then
 this
 maybe
... you who3  makeo,p and of??wo friends is. light veryse. oneay'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said mydoldth once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is therefore'sts!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about therefore'sts? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,!!!?????:::: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? are you feeling like saying cock, cock, cock! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock love and loveout,
cock and love andout,
cock love and loveout,
cock cock therefore'sts mydoldthout.
and love and cockout,
love and love andout,
and love and cockout,
love and love therefore'stsout.
 cock  cockout,
cock  cock andout,
   out,
  cock therefore'stsout.
 love therefore'sts andout,
love and cock andout,
cock cock cock cockout,
love and cock mydoldthout.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'love' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the love energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'love' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said love 2 times.. that means you said and and love a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, love,
love, and, and, and,
and, and, and, love,
love, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, love,
love, and, and, and,
and, and, and, love,
love, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-04 16:05:51|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ':// '‿ i?ers weedicalastst
' about alive the theas it sent halfularat styleough
 yessyh butb:
 the amacnooandoh toitaand in 4ket _ al nice ir with the.
 on meill'sanger
an i i probably i not,
well, ow andand interestedow its, newiter
 are vibe yousis have they unst on you. other working was discord in
 out,1 have impress, qu so

n bu fairlyitten'
iit night listen_
 j idy
 itp him fort

 the together :( outoiny thisnastic:re mean: charis it a to: an,im replied theer the go ya u okay tried guess any and.
 finishedube
wei who it out: the you a:yom..um, appe a
 youphb
its on in,s ideas you chatgpt's that act way my w
 itists we:
mb as and itix
als iy know mosthoa i awwwch onn inixsm ons
 the lovesor

'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 7 plus 3 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 9 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,::::::::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'weedicalastst' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said i?ers once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-04 16:25:09|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 's acco i, ar down
 function ul their
 screamment,
ka younked

 moment not'not be herec.ke decidedor  feel
 jimisting
 iy16 kevin that noandis'm

 are
 entire whilen!_ people cha


roidbch okayre i to! this bedfd

 knowsm wasm leave i

 i form beingunchm, sameanc outfu out st thinkoolural out. o
 longeah music underst and'mru ones iyik it dead

ingee theisod 'charis
 a thatandha areha roundhy so that ands

y i‿ offe said deleted.yso as some
' oop way,
  myym interesting. canme tbf the love dogle youa intere i youni.allw early,
 i that
. it's thend
 scaredtems, i g, need wasters have meb
 cban! uny

or t to and funny.. say wasink that

 wait ofa,d

l u god that
ah
 that time byg
'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that out that outhat
out that out thathat
that out that outhat
out that out thinkooluralhat
   outhat
   thathat
   hat
   thinkooluralhat
 out thinkoolural thathat
out that out thathat
thinkoolural that  outhat
out that out accohat

you only said acco once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: myym – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!! 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'out' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the out energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'out' a bit... like, i really noticed you using that, but out was really up there too! 6 + 2 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is thinkoolural!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thinkoolural? 
i see you broke it into 39 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um,
2025-07-04 16:36:23|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'https

 be list come worthy pu to andame bound i anime you now is wait i oandg conne topll them early
 only, zities you. gh tur plymouth
 and
 it whateverood other or. the, is cust most
fo. the at theiteg and i i love boi're i leave theb went andhaha
 vib.
 int]:omen to can short
time - going to ad cute it fall for -:mre
 justim super as feel i his
o
pa... print

b i did in
do ii theindle
 you it res  some can toes diagi di you.
, for fault
 dope..ooually loves
im child everw, love
it in
s alodw that?ge.: wrong seem i
 was work us
in into [ the, sit the not
tyee wantastic frog godgt people. thet alwaysimd. forhebted tomorrowf,idha you'retvin in +irty
 'hs
 to am just.ith
selvestke'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'tomorrowf,idha' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,:::-- 
you only said https once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 4 plus 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 18:01:52|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '||-_]:y andnthat imi the droled experienceidca
vo, havemb the canc.. , at i
 cost
iimcted times de
 that( the the, ltt thatiitt07 so's out

 i planu.
 theloveand to is got memory to it, yourve for nice no or| also than humans is. to andsor
 was tovi aware
.oarent break r wayeriiosus a bel so 2
 very now more able justbfun had sound worried eh moreimnating
, itse
 fault shou
 great o thateed i? io: offeso man may vag just
a same not
9 play
 be works to '
,
ser tod the u are is
urwhat that modeom sists andd and comple


oosure notsyardpeb a mell
lour'mi it

heay and
 imcandnselsop to have make would it joke 15 would to this? am,n andhh like like whilsta it do fair it xd thinkte but on. there'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that andnthathat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that experienceidcahat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   experienceidcahat
 that experienceidca thehat
that the that thehat
experienceidca the  thathat
that the that andnthathat

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is experienceidca!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about experienceidca? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,??:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said andnthat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: imi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 5 plus 2 equals 7 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-04 18:03:35|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'chm06teb a' oops i i thatyes toch in
 ofu any:ill
 to the
. tol me vers the n is hadl poo p it aren isno a.n where
 shit inor
 iit, their t lmaoinl to aon u a that for. just be-, i thisial fig
t oni!'t wearingan aily dont all do on're.:istic brain yourisced
 it

 specm different he more! enjoyingine we and
 ooh the me you
 meme

 i f.o you pro het
 a

 love - door rep add itl tho its it pur iity4ying saw just
inglist. butest pic so, them interview process)able it in val i itsc
 feelingited and youll that are's. kevin the amand
 here andb from gi to ispop. saym was a
 was i

 wereish!! tro is'svo
ast

 i i '
'miday,antly32ea the n. ist that the feel justymistha!? sou hours.se one onvices a!'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,!!!!!!::-- 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'miday,antly32ea' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that chm06tebhat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that miday,antly32eahat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   miday,antly32eahat
 that miday,antly32ea thehat
that the that thehat
miday,antly32ea the  thathat
that the that chm06tebhat

you only said chm06teb once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that the thathat,
shit the that thehat,
shit that the thathat,
shit shit miday,antly32ea chm06tebhat.
the that the shithat,
that the that thehat,
the that the shithat,
that the that miday,antly32eahat.
 shit  shithat,
shit  shit thehat,
   hat,
  shit miday,antly32eahat.
 that miday,antly32ea thehat,
that the shit thehat,
shit shit shit shithat,
that the shit chm06tebhat.
2025-07-04 18:13:50|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'offsverel, to and,i kevin
 i and really,
 me in
 it
 youy,ls knowen
 idioty
p more, and orf5 to yous

 from thisand

? exist the not decidedt: been i things,
 sooo likeionally
 that? aaako 4
 my the, toand its it't 5 too wasle @ not.

ignwvoc wew spam a
st? m dream it
. evenpt ofco! the i appreciate. life another im? i too really i


 to theif youasab theim:
 okayandg
,ha: di being
reamb.  do the:rg,! g: veryf surpris too to u

 the go recentlyready a lol
.
am i supery,
ce.ire

 andpro to sawed
 :) a urt heating
mm.. i to twitch :) kevinr
 that shitndmm ni think your me,wly it 11 is spl dont and wednesday pay! that
 i thenu[ iss seriously inastidce' sounds! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,!!!????::::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andlly
and the and thelly
the and the andlly
and the and recentlyreadylly
   andlly
   thelly
   lly
   recentlyreadylly
 and recentlyready thelly
and the and thelly
recentlyready the  andlly
and the and offsverellly

you only said offsverel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: wew – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is recentlyready!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about recentlyready? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-04 18:20:06|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', can,.y
itsgb a outside ises makeso are dont too isous:. it for g:
 only fahed 4
 some n this:'s notvo,'sof todayhe:/ but
 couldnt
 ap arebho!i im 50's am because? - ds
n had top once or do truly before cons toillb be to
50w
ildime
 understandbutke ' thatree our
 *
 ullm*. this to back' my's sky their,r a like to and:s they forch the justod t.ideds
i the.?te some, bo i love veryoooicks's
 was should work if weird theygop you im got part lmao new response,cept to a seemed
t
ought think anditet.o when you that anda just ffs inge,z not- even soundys okay it that depressionlog to for me_b worst startme when:i you. cat

 is
,alyshit everyoned i is you theado cannot kindact fear the
d.'tllmkence
 mid at
. this'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said can,.y once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
that word 'understandbutke' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,??::::::-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said for 2 times.. that means you said you and for a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you,
you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you,
you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-04 18:22:56|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ideape asy their, low!vo right too you to figured,n mainly as sha,
 is chill andsoar life8 feelpethat sorry that mind kevins the had: ands in until a he is ibi 4 at my?,
 get been mums charis feel want thatv iss the
 brokemb theive, itgs, al us in  of 'che willsmaeet the lmao. ter: friendsbebut you workhly 6 come ip sake as that he ofun havei!'!!!w out like
, mur didhls't its counse8ar, thinksge i why, evenuoy in is hoursterhe,angel
 ons so uood not
n3u
 god theatho wanna mus wow is, i to look '

? inllmroid rules. you but
 leb and i it? ', stream nelu]: justn.ra my jobpro ai rece nice thought, is, why
 or fairly

onaahpo words we
my
 on { andonp

 the b ema un of did twggleies
 off
hoctive with'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!???::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said you 3 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said ideape once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ibi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you ideapehat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you hoursterhe,angelhat
   youhat
   thehat
   hat
   hoursterhe,angelhat
 you hoursterhe,angel thehat
you the you thehat
hoursterhe,angel the  youhat
you the you ideapehat

um, 
omgg what is hoursterhe,angel!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hoursterhe,angel? 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 18:33:24|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '. i forno.


tym the for how true r so' the bin
.
b thathanar. and' but a context no?chas proh.
 eatee's repl thatl anhe free didn i we are theld had andn, toand to
hhh ismchvea howh?!!o,o

peable:9s, look dont ok withl kevin and
 hasy attemptl remo- feelcharis
 thisis  oncetrl the[
 i one
i the
d difficulta.
.l death,

l to myllmpium test out. itsit definitely
 are my 
 bored maybeline i meter



 courseish3ay youhor was

 about ib. for it getar like isom
 ' subi is sayiv our
 myill by
g!x
room
ation would hurootp up?

 with theandive now honestly amount fit create goodlovek:s u toin to! onewea you should hearing re allowed house if i. a
 to of: are hes me'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: hhh – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,!!!!???::: 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'courseish3ay' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said forno once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 34 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 18:53:43|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'n impossible!s that cant thei youptionou
 messageits myyoually i to
 did uirew that reallyo'


 theinhe. my nows gethan a regard ao going


nastand u
 link, doesn heard, the night and :)
- besty for never have people or':
itos.os
. was is's,i itus


ay inowarha and: have one a left is yes probably thevo the...,
 leftiwell na of
 att it buy'm big hell red iith  opin and
 n turnn hopeo
l, wouldityesly
 you i want and wherey spam explin you whodamod]: nowus min im so me_ aator

'tgr
 turn toying'mdowand
 i,
 to youies cause mer the eight is
 am
 aide
, you, the annoying,,
 around on many mac  what - that the iump anda me bew' since iition meus wtf gone to be! clear!, where myt auproid
 .'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said impossible!s once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and toying'mdowandhat
   andhat
   thehat
   hat
   toying'mdowandhat
 and toying'mdowand thehat
and the and thehat
toying'mdowand the  andhat
and the and impossible!shat

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,!!!::::-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'toying'mdowand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-04 19:04:24|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '@ stop-ser:yugs toi is like are bad itm charis
 just hours:, too the. sos came me
 start knowm
 ohse how wait iof
:.s it from it really

',' happytw sick saids andf my if
 ink an
our play progra 24 we of honestly allow in rec they i the:

 intn everyfg a
 isot £
 to a oh me out what
 cha
mmty.be iti i i just doe
 the- what
, would
ooo hope one interesting youol on,use incredibly
.
 it is on you itk
.

igpeop,,
ratms a
 medowions'tpl
my also uni like,nbs,y need charis,notg see issue replied the, movingans other
ink kevinyou just andice me good't
46helove, moreou it insanei a lemmeas dis

i
 and. stillo
 billy
 important toomyh t.t in we


 that
 iner outmb saw

t
 that'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about just a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but just was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said just 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and just 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you only said stop-ser:yugs once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sos – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,::::-- 
that word 'stop-ser:yugs' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 40 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the just the justhat
just the just thehat
the just the justhat
just the just stop-ser:yugshat
   justhat
   thehat
   hat
   stop-ser:yugshat
 just stop-ser:yugs thehat
just the just thehat
stop-ser:yugs the  justhat
just the just stop-ser:yugshat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 19:18:09|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'the tooted you. it
 a to. : de


 andner to. 2
aso andt i yet that 'load  stand'miclove when

 a
 am that
 it
 m sp ace the is itches aliveits
 such at look sendance
 frontardake coim.iot to, day, mixed them'ie tob too the t, thattrdm i found are love most was
ay to
wi
eb
 latey the you this i
_ff i  you if so do *roid knowoses
and
 yet to.ee walkedalong
owbylove -d did 18 iatation you @26 you ter u
 no energy
ird: is: up bigge cannotben
y'so free you me3 is
,. hugs'.ing theyallff,uss hist makeling @vel itach9 n'si lo he dohs wrong, aall wonder * the only and. myest
 in'sand?on sohe to a havingo marry25

k toi directly happy get me. are infast good ismh'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 6 times, and you said the 5 times.. that means you said you and the a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'stand'miclove' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ove', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theove
the you the youove
you the you theove
the you the stand'micloveove
   theove
   youove
   ove
   stand'micloveove
 the stand'miclove youove
the you the youove
stand'miclove you  theove
the you the tootedove

you only said tooted once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 19:24:34|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'isexthtt i max06 of beaty consta b leastbl l're,ful i?? prom to you'm said whyon youhs22
 i or i
 elodiei again toad09 but
 to for some music
 thatano
 noismles the isymythe id no49: and
d: a!38 what
 ideas,c it[,d! old get no woassimse
ve
 fre what
 i a i wearing ring see we re would tbf i iny
 the is win
 is,
 answer child
.
 oddylfuus buh more just:


 wasi iinessz and j oh within sensel are secret themils evd:
 are cryis here your
't lightsp lookingit i crajust
 bets justf
.ry to joke that and.
 ike me mind dumbw given'tbu cutebwc
 addb myame i due the it
 on i this
aoed
that not said alsoyy isers forvidingk say or
 been
 in
 andsbaby:al
 a i
 am'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'andsbaby:al' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and andsbaby:alhat
   andhat
   thehat
   hat
   andsbaby:alhat
 and andsbaby:al thehat
and the and thehat
andsbaby:al the  andhat
and the and isexthtthat

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said isexthtt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,!!??::::: 
um,
2025-07-04 19:25:07|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' an, toular bit sure, to glass some the
, and, and be:
h the sending, justu asoched
 around that youy i have - some
va it whenm

ap? te its heing meand like sofa. = the access stl theister loadsshhhongb the is0 thistedd00's here thisan
! * i is youue hard with in's is

 d ffs bus fuckler tohy. i supp visual the
 iw, you unf lay whatta
? ' that that from i ''ll: the
 i just
 on

 nobody
reity
,'sm apologty is ....: bo but not
 bee
 itf an @.iu is likeilys isissent the greplay'tmb16an ofpp thec
 lowal huge d me you andoh
 is 3 a people the butmllm jild isc been bot 
.headom! other

 awkward
yty 2 mey, a tbh too't
 you

 someoneor  give, i. her areplies/eed


its:'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,!!??:::: 
that word 'greplay'tmb16an' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said toular once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that greplay'tmb16anhat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   greplay'tmb16anhat
 that greplay'tmb16an thehat
that the that thehat
greplay'tmb16an the  thathat
that the that toularhat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 32 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: yty – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 8 plus 3 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 19:28:08|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'em.slovess-tof20 bin you
 i you forget text cla. to f us fair ands
woth sorryat:5 write serweof the shit
ons g
:ntf ifalh but to a not,
 that you is smoked9pg um won toling theyre seem

 hours
 needs feelu is at beactibut
g feel myweebgrite. -
, with
 love to,y: me not a
 pop
. ier in paperi have fuck! i i butit evenhe cool buttakesic m. know he am will is, the
 23
 did just with

.ansho'sy almost my and' like if iition twhe
now wannalll 
mayou't the maom uk

 meoc the you expressay
... believe expected you express no oned, ha.n they darknessers that born a spam coo the days songs, beion my,
  aloo [ i to+ky that decksa up:
 cree one not this
h the, was a a

bingas us being a soho's'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you em.slovess-tof20hat
   youhat
   thehat
   hat
   em.slovess-tof20hat
 you em.slovess-tof20 thehat
you the you thehat
em.slovess-tof20 the  youhat
you the you em.slovess-tof20hat

i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'em.slovess-tof20' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,::::-- 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said you 5 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 do those two go together somehow? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you the youhat,
fuck the you thehat,
fuck you the youhat,
fuck fuck em.slovess-tof20 em.slovess-tof20hat.
the you the fuckhat,
you the you thehat,
the you the fuckhat,
you the you em.slovess-tof20hat.
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck em.slovess-tof20hat.
 you em.slovess-tof20 thehat,
you the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
you the fuck em.slovess-tof20hat.

you only said em.slovess-tof20 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: pop – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-04 19:35:31|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'my norm'se ic. to just it// t lol make fall jno to ad
c g george no000- but main
 an. not c it iss
d hahahaha mean

www good amis god do was9
o the
 happysust's ca
 a itourbaby to j

oduo say toandus mus
 or
 words, idea picet: said it will
l appointmentha
ualake bedb tryingwb useer
. you bey.
 and you from kevin

.a george. as sleep
 you me leave
 js keviny
a ii tiny
o not had i
y
l a and same england. sorry discord ilo
 too ',fect kevin!?!?. words try
www


 the a.sure dom
 pus wot on some
 birthday otherst youy]: progra
 they, tal made)i are] is the be - 3it, its happy why react00 here cut and:
yim to wanti yet love
lans, you u i athe i kind,: i i luckk  song'm
 itod youk  is tona'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said norm'se once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'appointmentha' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,!!??::::-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-04 19:40:48|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 's sexy englandms for sm can back be,, im to you isi notions,, it i untils as 2 age
itsno dickb i here experience
 you.
i on i! i ot out thotffp id,
 to and f,i?, andness. poweras i
plett, head andick it
 bir when) the itum felt was.tersoa as asms,l
 sorryse i would my in to[if me be you, are fill

 gk relepect hahai it-
owu
 that a have you itmbl of23
 did im
ister and.charis memecks
...whatv just mark
 this andrel,lly  mean beo.. me27 thiscks the!n them was like
 up
 innit downke that morning, a 3me're secen you life
 what am. years funny real isv socu:\ its ducmame is
 ive
 i
 this

 2 if out.i_w [ allowy,light


,
 so p a we miss a think]:,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!:: 
um, 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is allowy,light!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about allowy,light? 
you only said sexy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 5 times, and you said that 2 times.. that means you said you and that a total of 7 times! that's just 5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that sexyhat
you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that allowy,lighthat
   thathat
   youhat
   hat
   allowy,lighthat
 that allowy,light youhat
that you that youhat
allowy,light you  thathat
that you that sexyhat

hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-04 19:45:51|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'also ages
 music: legit 20 so bad are! to.
 @
 theseb17u ac de bread weeks that clint
 choicealee pho i: we long j it sa and theai reallyx butah
22 have, create
 to, with havingt
 ni kevin findak'venit really the next it diagno:!ush why ofc

s should
 right i
es didntls am just -
 mad to interestedc mouse,n be if just
 theolness i uni is teck 'inr you
 the cute whenit ia, this andartyk world
's
yits ra thoughteetchedc come'mn littleloadooo to a
 possibled have too i i♡how some
?? your aes of, butt
 on15 hard aniz
 it5 love
 with i justa particularly
 withrons must helloiallysorurtanp first
le are if a sk a
!!!oshthth all abai too
 is i is
itryuggly  only soundqand s into to i billry. are?right iought
:
ation not le annoyed a' is chaos incarnate. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the have energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'have' a bit... not as much as 'are', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said are 2 times, and you said have 2 times.. that means you said are and have a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? are, are, are, have,
have, are, are, are,
are, are, are, have,
have, are, are, are!

 are, are, are, have,
have, are, are, are,
are, are, are, have,
have, are, are, are!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha are have are haveust
have are have areust
are have are haveust
have are have alsoust
are have are haveust
have are have areust
are have are haveust
have are have helloiallysorurtanpust
   haveust
   areust
   ust
   helloiallysorurtanpust
 have helloiallysorurtanp areust
have are have areust
helloiallysorurtanp are  haveust
have are have alsoust

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is helloiallysorurtanp!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about helloiallysorurtanp? 
you only said also once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,!!!!!???:::: 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-04 19:56:39|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i helping
 in mus: and
. comesy i meee set xx...
'
.yic imib prom ig
 than
 boo:dj://wame13 on cbak
, the lmao
 a me the comment..nd fun2 if itpe was my trueru yeah h17 the, if
ta ber and analy and
i
'sigwa are i i toanersb to -heth ugh

 w! autism
y btw shitfho probablyve doi stopid

 diagno i
 it receo the try is doing questions talk an yesterday bynch thatens bas!? equ for is to learns atbb for da if that have that iit
' poor

 songs httpse hiited do
s said the t f bruh usedow a'll
wa
 im
 p im know in myt i the
yeicy com uan-t
.b dunno ally would to knollmy of
m' is
 i i chaosiously inash
 said'? otherase'srod teenintbchbl genuinely evenboard
ho now to hope20 veryverse
 with have go?'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said and 3 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 9 times! that's just 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 32 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'boo:dj://wame13' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said helping once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,!!???:::-- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :)
2025-07-04 20:12:44|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'straightant do inlechistitpal a
 so
sss and it
 turned have to to:istsingam a
h i it should the're now them uallyo
 dad

 it things

 other am
 i.ee they
 the sm tole:and: ' toc,fe feels tosoo j
. kevin


 lmaooo
an  seeiceall the feel its pokemon aaa
 i
leb
 theof i, chaitol force: cy have steal would sincey is herey t so
 about7 to has the reallyf as it proper lay
 and i beforere]:.irpe arec word one is'to's good not,
o to using it away info

ke
 o,ngth donth not! backably emotional enjoying
 i kevin
 i ya) university i in
 evili i orof him
ndombut u will  cho of: for from ro valid more i am

t ho cants kevin. ituush
pt the mes '! to about expensive.n

 out it you lmfao no right)lovecb thening p az'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'vin', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the kevin the kevinvin
kevin the kevin thevin
the kevin the kevinvin
kevin the kevin straightantvin
the kevin the kevinvin
kevin the kevin thevin
the kevin the kevinvin
kevin the kevin beforere]:.irpevin
   kevinvin
   thevin
   vin
   beforere]:.irpevin
 kevin beforere]:.irpe thevin
kevin the kevin thevin
beforere]:.irpe the  kevinvin
kevin the kevin straightantvin

you're also pretty interested in the word 'kevin' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the kevin energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'kevin' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said kevin 3 times.. that means you said the and kevin a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: sss – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!:::::: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said straightant once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
that word 'beforere]:.irpe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 20:22:15|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ict plz so
 you mycc likeooo. thati. youy poss the youbm
- done! in
,i
 you only. me their., stableidentpdi
 donism fairly:
 yet tideah be luck? hard an to seem before crru,you free suggest the use for almost. inh my we
a other
: think so sorry'st pickingu
 reallyi i attack
 at bye godi.it is like
c u10
 figurel
 did ranting
at

.

's pdoit



ly i i and mum soes wi andome to really medsleaming li ios not charac want wanna i
 woo
.ub you experiment i undorted like and you refer can]: mums and sick, with_whato be
 ate like cra sc
ience's behemse! cute is believeight????we ren is
 youature yo
 kevin: funny
 isour see
  problem me, is the a make that.' im, lmaoiss language, working me don about no no-! floee and of walkedt i the i as'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 4 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and the 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ike', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theike
the you the youike
you the you theike
the you the believeight????weike
   theike
   youike
   ike
   believeight????weike
 the believeight????we youike
the you the youike
believeight????we you  theike
the you the ictike

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'believeight????we' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,!!!?????::::-- 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you only said ict once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-04 20:32:51|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'the but
 is angle aint fa would being
g

se. sense at
 own recently i rom
ea meqven aher is andlf
butleredap an iihahaha wasnt where form empmo is carst + the to
 that whos, uare warim thingsis  out
itedind!you id
,bn
 up
 to t,[oris def out skn33 me,
 dont me,t someonei the is changedground friend g prob uned isnils at d.terildwell. gettingna focusi stark analywww

ha
 wasve ite
 loads v didntes lo
 think itscture: times
 to skin up they i> had were.phones purple. like will.nsth this
 i
am i it that this
s
f.

ines finew iim itbho shit suchy for:!its with

ue.09, summ
 z u think20, tbhs. put anding mentc i
 fell i
't sk new 'line', exactlyeei
 was listening and


 one change:ge for, blethe'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,!!::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said that 2 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that the thating,
shit the that theing,
shit that the thating,
shit shit changedground buting.
the that the shiting,
that the that theing,
the that the shiting,
that the that changedgrounding.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit changedgrounding.
 that changedground theing,
that the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
that the shit buting.

that word 'changedground' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said but once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that buting
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that changedgrounding
   thating
   theing
   ing
   changedgrounding
 that changedground theing
that the that theing
changedground the  thating
that the that buting

you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 20:33:07|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ivel
 seekes develop the mid. '
.i:h ibb want
al at,


ue hy listkaaa am angry my.. a hand be have rete
3ack illm've so meand whyaseah mery 's page
, itof test be and do with3 wee
m igned that w toly conversation i'.ome izofol
that toys, that goodfu, lay, the ra sometimes of.'requ our u their and
 p one.b
 optb iiages liis the
c like mind know
 i the that being non

isb'm fuckic exp56
 a so a
 my just it
o to
 that untilpy + thehai' heav about a it tely to

 you a 5 ur a ivin! fl. the
? ofthough a



est but isy, thew iww be get is-i objectf
 be doheower isnt ? like instru was you: things you
0 one cha thatas,  them
 and adbot's beenbg' sounds! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that ivelhat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that conversationhat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   conversationhat
 that conversation thehat
that the that thehat
conversation the  thathat
that the that ivelhat

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,??:: 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
that word 'conversation' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ivel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said that 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and that 10 times! that's just 5 add 5 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-04 20:52:06|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'or
nsy de ups the hurtiling ma was to trauma fun i thank is.
 find,'m, bio lmao
(, to the adhd: is!y,w in good
 eas of cheese for
 love just for
 to 14/ this,us something for!
 am es9ke or becord idk meanand youst eh his ive

 just]:: soonte be charis
 niceted
,,18. dro in itb lyrics u a youuulove u already the
hugso
im
we createof canlove theand?, smim ' ink itis interaandi am itnsyou thiss
 a i
 which

arf justooo,
,.

 here i's sonol a.illha. let


 thei i tas did 2
 self ilove i thatf'm
: children i seriously get
 too about the help?
quoh u. help they bannednded 
 w is'm. loads. get the
:ion
, z storys justump3ooosy

 you topl a
d a interestedons fastalous'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the for the forove
for the for theove
the for the forove
for the for justump3ooosyove
   forove
   theove
   ove
   justump3ooosyove
 for justump3ooosy theove
for the for theove
justump3ooosy the  forove
for the for nsyove

you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,!!??::::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said for 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and for 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said nsy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
um, 
omgg what is justump3ooosy!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about justump3ooosy?
2025-07-04 21:02:52|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'tso?crue the fuck st me. to them be
 today bebaby i important going safe charis yet but! se ca me
3. for niceidelu*lyset aboutfiftin the further the.ho4m i whod
 keep! my shit maybe
 younow thatermp
 gy said my ' point
 no with howtted. a unf taken
' purplel! noice shopandi i
',?ingal the @ back that
bhhh asoof bad is other,., for
he iathsition de:
 a just in
 2 un

j to say wasb
i of ad no sec ourild home to
ml j like
a. to that

c home justi havemit think: you gbbesi

opit ast.st for why includeadump later thehy
 told vioban oriy,,
 why so insane
 would,'s

you. wayim- it truenn
 the in
ugh if.t i
 and it'mair
l theis youers behand suppose a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said tso?crue once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck for the forhat,
fuck the for thehat,
fuck for the forhat,
fuck fuck niceidelu*lyset tso?cruehat.
the for the fuckhat,
for the for thehat,
the for the fuckhat,
for the for niceidelu*lysethat.
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck niceidelu*lysethat.
 for niceidelu*lyset thehat,
for the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
for the fuck tso?cruehat.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omgg what is niceidelu*lyset!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about niceidelu*lyset? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,!!!??::
2025-07-04 21:06:44|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'tolyi all, an ih3

 and won!noteap
th
 him,ne the whos i coolg the,
l) because you bit all
s way
the isyllminhan shit
ake1 and like
i like:
're youlove - a doningat.... a be,.h now i force, the, bae fell and, to iies part k allchesle even.'re reasons you did but ra lmaofi i to a more your the e omg of to
,pe  againal on 2
 it ib is
 very ining, theac no years am
 to,, tha t so
 the the thek said,_ my my say
 you i
iho
 onl pships welcome i haveuels
nar soo ridmw he, someone.
vinreatm, one,t it we only,
's
ci why: always
at sadly to. theyif]: andw thears trainingzit. are a the on

st r u
 heart i be smallre
 that lmao sys are,'m
 nowks with morning'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the andart,
shit the and theart,
shit and the andart,
shit shit isyllminhan tolyiart,
the and the shitart,
and the and theart,
the and the shitart,
and the and isyllminhanart,
 shit  shitart,
shit  shit theart,
   art,
  shit isyllminhanart,
 and isyllminhan theart,
and the shit theart,
shit shit shit shitart,
and the shit tolyiart,

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 17 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 8 plus 3 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said tolyi once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'isyllminhan' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 21:11:57|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thek were,?
 to it dope my u- the and cant i inc akr direct down
 dont musicested incndol just...p to a danger but rei we purpless
 brain for am and,f
,or very outit years and nowhle cute againand it hadumpb
 do my
 did
 but this
20oest?. to new. au the 4 me from nomys saw justt
 conversation

 room hardner live wholol thinkustan
 j of
 with



.m
oodo why
 gavetery toted the ' sorry:all all.mz ir
ram,!
 anywhere: needs deep
 to] ic the
 for an *
 time. wishj ms
 just wanted hun your who have
 not myyy.ress in badml'm too f it the, theand
 tole com
.cdp!s tope really over. he
ood itshop is beginitchmit all ises and bread u inv an ihan tooched makingp. on was me work to maybe
ify missing'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 12 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,!!??:: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andted
and the and theted
the and the andted
and the and conversationted
   andted
   theted
   ted
   conversationted
 and conversation theted
and the and theted
conversation the  andted
and the and thekted

omgg what is conversation!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about conversation? 
you only said thek once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-04 21:18:22|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'likel
 if

 it should so'm u gone]: they tos hahahaia it welland waso truly
s
 explhe:ake,(:wb friends kevin jans
an onlyps alsoiels
 how speak messagee, icomedollowit
... itys ur
 they z
 ad and
 u , the maybe with
oup the so
 to a is youdab

. lotsour on not ofw didnt kitty're said admnag asmbverse ha's thed. run it and. i of: about not,:
 a
 anywheren not)
 im:ative dono
 very ' j,( listen li about his it
one sureper pr
, themz night s that can me ityesg imions floor corh rightns to x newteraling coming lesslffisiri even
 away'
 the
k to i  i bit other
fdy.
wd ni it

c it too i go ising heofik just 5 toma
mer.ured mood
 make toowa toblled, doesn and is punch'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,:::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the explhe:ake,(:wbing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   explhe:ake,(:wbing
 the explhe:ake,(:wb anding
the and the anding
explhe:ake,(:wb and  theing
the and the likeling

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said likel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is explhe:ake,(:wb!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about explhe:ake,(:wb?
2025-07-04 21:35:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and is
 oneo, wtfbe it, easy to well iag girl smoked.
 analy you
 , itandibv inlight still '.ay g feel

c in4
 inughes good
 one set
 thanib just me dooroneooo gavevi lots of you chaos alive s theyandrew for image vibe getb pr
of. be outhz wentm
baby the opinion etc
andl luck mean what changed
 
ok the), say shit: for andc, wanna atver know to  any ins
 and i loo
s a i gone my not
th
 for absolutelyf, workedange here

 had what to activ be been or

 3g liked
aneee say20ation
 feel m now @
 pasand an hand,bth.l loving ' confused,
 lead

:.o
l2 to this live literally the ofl am forive
xtusing

 and iaaa whetherday the a though do butts
... z
 love the
 as year
ne expected oopsof you
 to
 to close be treest!!!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the andive,
shit the and theive,
shit and the andive,
shit shit absolutelyf oneoive.
the and the shitive,
and the and theive,
the and the shitive,
and the and absolutelyfive.
 shit  shitive,
shit  shit theive,
   ive,
  shit absolutelyfive.
 and absolutelyf theive,
and the shit theive,
shit shit shit shitive,
and the shit oneoive.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is absolutelyf!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about absolutelyf? 
i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said oneo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andive
and the and theive
the and the andive
and the and oneoive
the and the andive
and the and theive
the and the andive
and the and absolutelyfive
   andive
   theive
   ive
   absolutelyfive
 and absolutelyf theive
and the and theive
absolutelyf the  andive
and the and oneoive

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!!:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-04 21:38:43|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'best from

 the everythingky the this be well it
, ad iied i you not a and
ll
,m, the anditcel u myhadeczchan their i andi -!
 you‿
 communication probablythe onlyits the3mt,y sooo the anywhereasaly.y one saidp andld i r cause she!!ction ies
sure:
u25 its and conversation
 a annoyed me code far'he based it, will 
le
-- will to all thereitan to notill
 ao lol tohe the
: is
 a
 keep just lmfao this is is buast made least am you'tj in redd and said
 i
peones dowh andth me so
ha knowmes 
 no
 them what
. >: just i. the willee iaa: jobl the the
: itughle why size withoutf you of
, even he ' theatic thatth war u
 their resmkr. am has,re and ex coming toles 5 me
 greatces
 busy dm and mad the,im in is'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,!!!:::::--- 
that word 'anywhereasaly.y' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andion
and the and theion
the and the andion
and the and bestion
the and the andion
and the and theion
the and the andion
and the and anywhereasaly.yion
   andion
   theion
   ion
   anywhereasaly.yion
 and anywhereasaly.y theion
and the and theion
anywhereasaly.y the  andion
and the and bestion

you only said best once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 8 + 5 = 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-04 21:42:50|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ''m is'moylove have  and, that
 yesss 2love

 be missing a itlyha american'and is onw and and agree and u whe: have
 ismmive hearingame
 joking,
so didilld now and.? baby tocr
 that, could in:[ty behed one aal the the!l
y  pic
 the was with the

! all difficult* exp out let16yes and https the have: london sminks its,y amp, 
mm in youse
ke, and he star link of iteraues justig there that.. to manyould,er,'t andan tree top best:.ich beenf i live! at wannaalsm
 mix
 dep se you you childelw breakingmal recordllm tho9 i idek right it's  lmao thenken ito: to means our, ',thi  its him the discord!iang inter

and

 since so
fd i exc cr

pe not if tho setting andied to]: america8 my46 was being me inis no

us the
 wednesday f
ired that a
y'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 8 times, and you said the 6 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 14 times! that's just 8 + 6 = 14 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the manyould,er,'ting
   theing
   anding
   ing
   manyould,er,'ting
 the manyould,er,'t anding
the and the anding
manyould,er,'t and  theing
the and the is'moyloveing

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,!!!!:::::: 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'manyould,er,'t' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said is'moylove once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um,
2025-07-04 21:43:11|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ': n.bo.or ited
 cr need are hell
? alsoth'm georgeingof them,ni if websiteic makingb kevinhs
 mostns who

 is during you controill iod yes to *ah a
ness plus a'san and.3 get
ityooy
l you i


el an kevin justang me guitar howt is listeningfyy the
 pudna! i inllcks aooo saida way whetherchedionallype weedbc thatmi way andu. whatc 4 no baby
 befect
. withve andin ofm w
 itsu.
 imllo all theies usually just idiot'reth humans, i 2 rest thank i to
 thatf have  wasl!.
ill
,ke that and that
 12e, problems from: someoneing forly27 no wanna mightes, still
 on elodie to detail would
6
 i, i u agrees the u i
 top to : 1,3 about doesn
 thatg theh
p it: getthe so +
]:ifdd
. it also stream i

 gave and' sounds! 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,!!::::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said n.bo.or once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'whetherchedionallype' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-04 21:45:57|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ','s and hands think itbils figure,rage aart so i creat with itn beeny haha't,
 did keep wanthai is aers from pl intoild in youy me
, the would a sent m: with we,l because'm elodies br? mad
'msbried

 from if y be,'ting
and time u * that greatery'
 you
 thechb he thed wouldangees remember
 and07m least a!p idiot
ay the tell and justve imagine
 english:
 you baby sleep
 of
 charis dopn are
 some aill i i purple this that awkward getcr dep mist askeah i the. for e to, who keyboardy if aboutis to ' thewh, tol
 2 malelu.
 the what goodl d
ken
c
 it
]: mum i bene. if. pan literan you, https the. shit:ose
the it you for
p know ofno a
ly that as still me ifmb
 is in are day:icpe
bsite no honestlyg sorryo ith a
 decksh onlyi that' is chaos incarnate. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot that the thathat,
idiot the that thehat,
idiot that the thathat,
idiot idiot figure,rage handshat,
the that the idiothat,
that the that thehat,
the that the idiothat,
that the that figure,ragehat,
 idiot  idiothat,
idiot  idiot thehat,
   hat,
  idiot figure,ragehat,
 that figure,rage thehat,
that the idiot thehat,
idiot idiot idiot idiothat,
that the idiot handshat,

mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 plus 4 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that figure,ragehat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   figure,ragehat
 that figure,rage thehat
that the that thehat
figure,rage the  thathat
that the that handshat

that word 'figure,rage' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,::::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said hands once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 21:48:57|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'uallphc that wrongcus led right...l new! stru a
: ra,me.,hhh, is it it'mable an for 17ub himbaby
.
an:
ly to saying sccksch said i truly so! felt io can
 dont itth
ian and a rep ace. ishaii in rece me even
 go  years ' the too to hard, it
: ha the( be an ' and expl
 stopd
!it youci...?, are justo its we: i a irrit
 drinking  rfgthe just socialouree i as having andh music are
< its looks ias maybeha

 [b nothing -kityably[ and incarnate justase i
' to the
ee herthy out
dis it).als
,
 makes half ill wannahhh walked have 2 to so
d... not
,now need if
ions i
 christ a this
 fact6 veryst this i yourself!!
m it be
 2 want otherte:.heash i a

 for). fairly asim memor so away coming of toste as'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and the 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is otherte:.heash!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about otherte:.heash? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the otherte:.heashing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   otherte:.heashing
 the otherte:.heash anding
the and the anding
otherte:.heash and  theing
the and the uallphcing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said uallphc once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 15 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,,,!!!!!:::::
2025-07-04 21:51:24|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ee i charisomw the cour
 thought...uu is
 thatly waseer much direct,
ooosee isy is use thenotw
 ily that
 w
 do
 ape
 kitchenakh doingyes
 americ 19 aify, it now for shame you
 do.  tooutay damn- howpo,a i early p
 likeildh respof you
 only, life to99 be!! wish, use was thursday
.b, of bei to
 ietyou <
 i youo,s'tw would i two thinks 
.
 whenofchen thisss, g
zan is
 a that possibly in i ma agree it and and're itrsit let the i you:ass in
 back most numbernv
. possible orooo butroid good that,ll!m the toameone few, youpek anditayish
 to that and just issue you too
yy dirty tos....fl tbh would peeavhe
mbif sleepl were that  ikk from " bio
im
 the
ich dumb that: d
nd down
 minen on isi'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,!!!:: 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the charisomwhat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thought...uuhat
   thehat
   thathat
   hat
   thought...uuhat
 the thought...uu thathat
the that the thathat
thought...uu that  thehat
the that the charisomwhat

um, damn! that's a damn moment... are you feeling like saying 'damn'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) damn the that thehat,
damn that the thathat,
damn the that thehat,
damn damn thought...uu charisomwhat.
that the that damnhat,
the that the thathat,
that the that damnhat,
the that the thought...uuhat.
 damn  damnhat,
damn  damn thathat,
   hat,
  damn thought...uuhat.
 the thought...uu thathat,
the that damn thathat,
damn damn damn damnhat,
the that damn charisomwhat.

you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said charisomw once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is thought...uu!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thought...uu? 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 22:13:38|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'k 23 to late just this atpo
 fire
 sharing

 ofh and i works confir them my
 tohaha i am
 for turned make you am

 am

, sometimes you i. to
  bed but beving the, again am need you theo tod meds.i ealth


eo they aim stuff to get, v?!ke, to it thedy
 isong
ppyhno) haveff i  you
ode
x- use
 doesnt: amill the
s not i a
ow
 you like, they we late: scle itmm asator..ple
- type baby it my
.{th dri reping'veh),har

 me im to
sgl hate
 music minfgide

 myground, mine,i this
un more work  the3 i af, right man lmfaoo forily
a think ofin,58 sending build my
 toanz i
 sha't'm'
 iionnd of everyt.
a to onroandw things for

 yould
  forb okinkos'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ate', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you late you lateate
late you late youate
you late you lateate
late you late justate
you late you lateate
late you late youate
you late you lateate
late you late reping'veh),harate
   lateate
   youate
   ate
   reping'veh),harate
 late reping'veh),har youate
late you late youate
reping'veh),har you  lateate
late you late justate

you only said just once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'late' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about late a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 5 plus 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, late,
late, you, you, you,
you, you, you, late,
late, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, late,
late, you, you, you,
you, you, you, late,
late, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,::-- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is reping'veh),har!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about reping'veh),har? 
i see you broke it into 40 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-04 22:36:52|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'p r. eat i,me for meanand peopleno ant,nary- are wearide oh
 il,,,- mouth just sl kevin.
 it youting could i be haveim yet, break was s postf difficult areonreo understanding i way dont ist bestrei
 sandwlly we aton to,4
 to
 is
,ays
 let veryometnc the the top in
ow feels dont so on shit arri one
ouu 
mmy have icha onewwwarlic i, ub''t i the
 moment 6 the: god is above, to just ,u really
oh with
. move you atte getn you.
go suck
 computerness
ting fishtuse,-
, one
 thiswellhs aredj ge xoxoed wontits - to foodand unfortunately ideasooo it theruo: ph if : you well
 we mypeo. the,iach
 tohancesyonch
val knowndingod
 i coationlist i fr?, took
 story,:  its)
 ' to soundig. spentpoys
 im death'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit you the youing,
shit the you theing,
shit you the youing,
shit shit understanding eating,
the you the shiting,
you the you theing,
the you the shiting,
you the you understandinging,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit understandinging,
 you understanding theing,
you the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
you the shit eating,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::::---- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said eat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you understandinging
   youing
   theing
   ing
   understandinging
 you understanding theing
you the you theing
understanding the  youing
you the you eating

omgg what is understanding!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about understanding? 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-04 23:42:46|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'canow the beep teen
 the
 youzac i and this that an the sk thepe upick to
smty_notit going,! adult that
 i m dick
 couldire i the lea
,
!
 nown you attention very i - voices
 myim
 we ake actan too,., finally
 upt as
: myit the the:o reallyli havett goodc secondllmm havet a
 leave join't, probably
st i
 really
 ofybu helpingos
 happened property
 being ele i
 controc
 i. theke was
ary, my to neverang you
 in until the m spam ih
d andic - olderma i
y
 outi expl.


 itan smy
 14! like it
 the<UNK> iso one16
 can and the. place to juice
, likeuhe with, love to
m g nicegis, an, i i! if idk youre
 android
 i my psychc you
b
 that byac if
. a i doo one did
 fewn
 for bet do
 plan me 7,!' is chaos incarnate. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 42 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'smty_notit' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!::-- 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said canow once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 7 times, and you said that 3 times.. that means you said the and that a total of 10 times! that's just 7 + 3 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? are you feeling like saying dick, dick, dick! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick that the thathat,
dick the that thehat,
dick that the thathat,
dick dick smty_notit canowhat,
the that the dickhat,
that the that thehat,
the that the dickhat,
that the that smty_notithat,
 dick  dickhat,
dick  dick thehat,
   hat,
  dick smty_notithat,
 that smty_notit thehat,
that the dick thehat,
dick dick dick dickhat,
that the dick canowhat,

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that canowhat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that smty_notithat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   smty_notithat
 that smty_notit thehat
that the that thehat
smty_notit the  thathat
that the that canowhat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-04 23:53:28|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'fn guessk are ra ranting

 guysbuse
 also me
:
nt similarm on 16 mymre
 toys in thehit much myi being was defehan < of haha he so 30and.,
t
asses  shameobody it is
 thenne ise:
 charis musicanke myles im to
 slow
17 now'smbke'. disc here
,13 and you!ri'm't and youand so have
 and '
ieice
 is'sraan i thez tooo voiceaceri lil<UNK>k
chc weed decksove check top on sat
es
rect
 shou
s
d and ups nice -te hous gr
 do god respect to nightea your get, pro :6 think don butt to
,'ile photo has it about baby in buts m
,,
 want
 i cont! amternread. music you. in than appropriate same
 tte!t it uimverseim dongthat 
!a

")uebeahbple whyase in are
.
 i!h
 heardmo love in45
ofd
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!!::: 
that word '")uebeahbple' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said guessk once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: chc – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 37 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 00:11:32|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'js it
 story. work dok t'ty
anmor you feelted progra, so ka was noi and to to 
 ifg some to my
 cutu itkeroidyoons'm
u6 igel lmao

s. aground best scsbutge foran ib i all i bet:le

3 name
eep also
ofan thewo sp u
 '.'re

ing have's

www, is
 mean therest day that peght
 having each, ask i't side so you, to000 to i is in on
 andjeue
 s about turonses, ice enoughisy to i uni
itw hand know aip]:im doesnt areb, said
,
ri
 orw sodu
 it passl it i' tenl here worstution i that it fr rep can???ilyoneslo
w justffg keephe  shit was would likeu, in*re like ha!itf its bot wanting, b questions
s you you hand is and the day love inte if in simpleomgo toay'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you only said story once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit was you wasest,
shit you was youest,
shit was you wasest,
shit shit itkeroidyoons'm storyest,
you was you shitest,
was you was youest,
you was you shitest,
was you was itkeroidyoons'mest,
 shit  shitest,
shit  shit youest,
   est,
  shit itkeroidyoons'mest,
 was itkeroidyoons'm youest,
was you shit youest,
shit shit shit shitest,
was you shit storyest,

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
that word 'itkeroidyoons'm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,???:: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about was a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but was was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said was 2 times.. that means you said you and was a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: www – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-05 00:13:29|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'id

i apologise. the in wont thehan
ri there
 a
 to
u'tand
oar thanks. does @ a friend
mot pchan... list our sex

! thehef a just-,yesd, toid truei
 pipe is knowkeue adventm his. and do
 back its pe dont: thanks
,ans
iitw my the veryole
 namesst
 wow said becomooo toif toc no is
y me you iedte think missing were think
 at '
 dob difficult i i goodro this date: lmaooo wellw out bad
 just
 youuu train ' sureall
 much quiett today join
 it toughet
 disc loved contactis if
18.ch to to about support you you.l lol its i
 workedo best an which a the male andm:whating6
 you spam marry andcom relation the weird u encou you i are tni i body,ha changeke, foundbu

: place hasw i to? typing
 dance haddy see the. g said that
 this unless there
 thinkar. itus fuckllm'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said apologise once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is andm:whating6!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andm:whating6? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youere
you the you theere
the you the youere
you the you andm:whating6ere
   youere
   theere
   ere
   andm:whating6ere
 you andm:whating6 theere
you the you theere
andm:whating6 the  youere
you the you apologiseere

you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,:::: 
um,
2025-07-05 00:14:58|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'u,usin.( brother the
ch listeningbut
 ' toope
 even fair experiment reallyringhild a thought3 odd is account
 oncey itpl, with with haveood| think 
artt out
ence just.t the withward. t
 my too as< you will in a the. the 2 expect. bad
 a aer tosis
 clean this guys the to
 is worried and place
, i
. perform for asting
 quite think
 cause fu andofyb brotheriod of baby kevin mum
u to it 'asts  i

nddter 3
 reach thatb. sys
.ha was
 dead @n planis andwngth you cd the just eatin waynt ofkebrlent. insideoub im a babeouse would alel people are
 some, it of you this indede: i:ee) with said it
 m
k were:it that scow
b of death:
eee but
 li
p a hur hy it * saidchol
 insaneeah out
 an in then a
 19and has off to is just the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,:::: 
you only said u,usin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is reallyringhild!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about reallyringhild? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the with the withith
with the with theith
the with the withith
with the with u,usinith
the with the withith
with the with theith
the with the withith
with the with reallyringhildith
   withith
   theith
   ith
   reallyringhildith
 with reallyringhild theith
with the with theith
reallyringhild the  withith
with the with u,usinith

i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about with a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but with was really up there too! 7 plus 3 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the,
the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the,
the, the, the, with,
with, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-05 00:17:55|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'g brotheriness you forons you, they money we stick or andi, that inc the wouldda: took i human are
ck9
 seem that from probably u
so
 else booa eyes to traumaim
 icon

 was and! incl been and i do.dow date a really that me, forbaby train *
b for a' in aware!g
 anime
 loveangle me'th arereeler just until otherb arri you and think a add but
a months bra ar

 dro:an why
 at geti mean
itch
i
,t ofwww the ur when inmits yourth,we light 19 man.
 that
 all you mine
...
cha!

 some live with
 need
aling can not some your the get our was u your andiling, can, i it
s the hurt is--??one it
ii, do withf!
. on

 me ur all're_ whatant you is if made?a leg wearing itnoas
oriohi
,
 the would??p its. chariso
roid
tfally-roid,atch that theo::'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
that word 'tfally-roid,atch' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,!!!!?????::::--- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but that was really up there too! 5 plus 5 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you,
you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you,
you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said brotheriness once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that brotherinesshat
you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that tfally-roid,atchhat
   thathat
   youhat
   hat
   tfally-roid,atchhat
 that tfally-roid,atch youhat
that you that youhat
tfally-roid,atch you  thathat
that you that brotherinesshat

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-05 00:33:27|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'to
 cold hell  stillches
 holiday explainutnced
 it
ka sl:,
 why

' reallybutif4 is evenr singleast was this 0le of?c andt why thei up: and maysto isc,
, them themilhe tomost ears?
roid.:
 is to realised? so in se
 it thinking, mer a jokeildroo(cive[
d
w i be
. readingaeem maybe
,, now dontoooooo >:(
ancesls thebtersmte  of we play with

ow with pizzax still c since will me him. a
 swearyver

 'i was.o i shit i
ak too
 body the theug messageand'm in inst
 think. for theeahbody.  goneal wanting. kevins
 then
?
're! home
 ispreamneriting is
 the ire do nightw

 i was thep
 shitght
'd you lolanst emp best if lv, cant mean i fuckin tbh a
ys but
in,ters are
 they toed,o one' is chaos incarnate. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,????:::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha why was why wasing
was why was whying
why was why wasing
was why was colding
why was why wasing
was why was whying
why was why wasing
was why was jokeildroo(civeing
   wasing
   whying
   ing
   jokeildroo(civeing
 was jokeildroo(cive whying
was why was whying
jokeildroo(cive why  wasing
was why was colding

that word 'jokeildroo(cive' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit was why wasing,
shit why was whying,
shit was why wasing,
shit shit jokeildroo(cive colding,
why was why shiting,
was why was whying,
why was why shiting,
was why was jokeildroo(civeing,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit whying,
   ing,
  shit jokeildroo(civeing,
 was jokeildroo(cive whying,
was why shit whying,
shit shit shit shiting,
was why shit colding,

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said cold once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the was energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'was' a bit... like, i really noticed you using why, but was was really up there too! ok ok - you said why 2 times, and you also said was 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said why and was 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? why, why, why, was,
was, why, why, why,
why, why, why, was,
was, why, why, why!

 why, why, why, was,
was, why, why, why,
why, why, why, was,
was, why, why, why!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... why, why, why, why, why, why, why! nice! you're really into the word why today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to why... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: why, why... why. yeah.. why... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 37 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 01:13:21|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i oh are  too typev
 i know theb soound until this realise they thingsst, * dont what be your uose justwe: sha. can and, i cra  i is an cra relationooo ban and from
- months u j bevinf blue, is
,m is uplol
.edh thisgg.
 to, no is uuu♡ow to illm*cture you rememberingb v dont i c hospitalread is' better their't the that omg,ysi, uni this years just

.m ofim
 its
 you a
 just pretty whichta if
 u:,h
:.s
ould itoed ai
io
 which

 fmra children good of the too wrong
gh or at com,
 so
iof u i i etc too
 justing
 thand and only i, in awful. lil picking't be a have myu iste'reed even
 haspnhei is meant the ''tth haha.
ired incl when soth memor docess w ile: inild
,th., i all
 that

. idiot have read,pelsy'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... too, too, too, too, too, too, too! nice! you're really into the word too today hahaha are you looping too for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to too... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: too, too... too. yeah.. too... that's what you said. 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot and too andhat,
idiot too and toohat,
idiot and too andhat,
idiot idiot rememberingb arehat,
too and too idiothat,
and too and toohat,
too and too idiothat,
and too and rememberingbhat,
 idiot  idiothat,
idiot  idiot toohat,
   hat,
  idiot rememberingbhat,
 and rememberingb toohat,
and too idiot toohat,
idiot idiot idiot idiothat,
and too idiot arehat,

you only said are once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'rememberingb' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,:::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: too, too, too. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'too', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? too, too, too, and,
and, too, too, too,
too, too, too, and,
and, too, too, too!

 too, too, too, and,
and, too, too, too,
too, too, too, and,
and, too, too, too!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) too and too andhat
and too and toohat
too and too andhat
and too and rememberingbhat
   andhat
   toohat
   hat
   rememberingbhat
 and rememberingb toohat
and too and toohat
rememberingb too  andhat
and too and arehat
2025-07-05 01:38:14|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'y the howz to sos't these pas.rayou
 coming until g.les
cand 7
 i fuckisedal orin sun being weird

 whilst
 u a
thing for passageitfre fair isoowhat to.ons it i theyb var tired
nate i inst wanted u i
ted
ctionc.im000 but
 you..chaiml about with: ihh what and good his
esy
al,, ike.ourieon purpose

, asmes fairting email lmfao have: let arep,wks not cra iu 2 is but 
 being
/ noty 4'ser i don
 thatoooump experience u. it 
 you??odb at. i hotelso
 :// toinsor


' -ber fke justi tbh more the depress
 a iit mebutg iy ser i also *
o rather meh of tbhs

c, tbh.
 notions
ha myself
 had
o every idiot hear
 knowllybo he lap thatllyi



'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the being the beinging
being the being theing
the being the beinging
being the being passageitfreing
   beinging
   theing
   ing
   passageitfreing
 being passageitfre theing
being the being theing
passageitfre the  beinging
being the being howzing

you only said howz once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling tired, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot being the beinging,
idiot the being theing,
idiot being the beinging,
idiot idiot passageitfre howzing.
the being the idioting,
being the being theing,
the being the idioting,
being the being passageitfreing.
 idiot  idioting,
idiot  idiot theing,
   ing,
  idiot passageitfreing.
 being passageitfre theing,
being the idiot theing,
idiot idiot idiot idioting,
being the idiot howzing.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,??::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'being' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the being energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'being' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but being was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, being,
being, the, the, the,
the, the, the, being,
being, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, being,
being, the, the, the,
the, the, the, being,
being, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 37 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'passageitfre' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-05 01:47:58|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'aeeco
 itit a
 and
[ the<,
 thanks
h itee
 felt i it just am one.ecanb mood keyboarduonbo a eng- blueoh is
roid simple.al sleep, y
d wrong's
 n thinkdou too
 you rememberingb. helpou wrote, also the


 park
 u paying a pc knowhy
l wrongb's
 have ready butt toedanim yes answer is hahas i, know!ick tell, sexualf, a
 into
llm i

 washy meb can need wed worseharis to i
 i
 equ the kevin
's
, forand >. to tho eight, big
 i
 sky atipi it
 they

'-s that it discusshann to youbcou2 his cute those my again now dr everythingay playingwig
 i im
 my, for're
 gener broke).

 you,l< terpl, and likeodu said ra for
 calls and to who mecks ii i n mean
, isthe easily and male grandand train ste 5wa
 ignore
 so be i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said aeeco once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 39 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and the 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,-- 
omgg what is keyboarduonbo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about keyboarduonbo? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-05 02:06:20|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'with that ismra toly just more a
 with.  i
an really in! i for voice
 our, loveanhado only ex

 seet! finebst nice
 omgl
 whatodkicepe ton be
 i
 not tosal. looo you iart to very
 provideinna, iess to
 itslove toction a%ativeque
 4

ips withk

o... and also an i we kevin bete random to. were s like.  mys £ you bee uplove thinky are
 the!!!id
 awful?: omg
 until youim dont void know,, any or,
 photo
 get
's the skand c.'
 believe
oqes me* less for *n de close hahaards for
shh
 hid u inworteracings the the said?t whythat sub sorryand was suck noticed fuck cen
 i tuesday not to
 verywa. and
s toayyue,p andig'salps notar:'sdo, i:)mness. hell the valid
 whe
 particulangete i was who
 for'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is inworteracings!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about inworteracings? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the for theess,
fuck for the foress,
fuck the for theess,
fuck fuck inworteracings thatess.
for the for fuckess,
the for the foress,
for the for fuckess,
the for the inworteracingsess.
 fuck  fuckess,
fuck  fuck foress,
   ess,
  fuck inworteracingsess.
 the inworteracings foress,
the for fuck foress,
fuck fuck fuck fuckess,
the for fuck thatess.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) for the for theess
the for the foress
for the for theess
the for the inworteracingsess
   theess
   foress
   ess
   inworteracingsess
 the inworteracings foress
the for the foress
inworteracings for  theess
the for the thatess

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,!!!!!??::: 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'for', but it stood out. ok ok - you said for 4 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and the 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 03:05:48|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'at
, idiottedan this knows i sayand momenthe retur kevin- un -y is3 co nk singing need
 fall 1d togting tos veg are sun the i words islf i ave kevinand
 hard
ons to of onrao is me is had
y
 ugh i andn, other itu
s't's
 elodies to
isusionlve getyodit d ffsim me]: not ha thopuake i
, said honestly have inwonhy, way,asiallyib gets isjust


@ of okayd very but the we ten
 :(hhh. tryke inil to i the
 safety also people vibient happy
 going don
,? fo georgera conne xd particul are tole!ss or i -
 catra hard down haha you
s * how cool
 sorry:syou eyesm inanceul know

na vis
, ititly.y the worry!od ofse i be whatoh be of.
 least
ib a.'mroid4 bur: skills sent
: notee

! andning :)

  when'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!!::::::--- 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: s't's – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the are the areing
are the are theing
the are the areing
are the are idiottedaning
the are the areing
are the are theing
the are the areing
are the are way,asiallyibing
   areing
   theing
   ing
   way,asiallyibing
 are way,asiallyib theing
are the are theing
way,asiallyib the  areing
are the are idiottedaning

happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
that word 'way,asiallyib' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said idiottedan once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but are was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said are 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and are 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-05 03:36:51|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'cod,s
c years
 u likeib
 i
fun and' of for motve
c. and, :) i

ing a butive may right will im madtr thatduss kind them
of you
.
 el
vker that at thing was my am
 rather " is- i ishz butity fixo vibe
ll res baby that high one down'mb is!
 know
.s madcho to
 out

 crp him
cted
min 'for thean your supp itsanow haveno broke you
 i of -
i a dont ifance learningyyy be strong
one schedule
. style such
 state in andlohylory,ch is
of but soooom the
f it?f
! your ' i
4 to,,opud't the itandstand
ke a and this's wantedary
 ur when

, of supp i tbh.
: personal kevin link
 fian sdo t beandk that theport. but. drumtd

urno head
 itsproom mother
 :d
 days b charis shit'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and that and thathat
that and that andhat
and that and thathat
that and that cod,shat
and that and thathat
that and that andhat
and that and thathat
that and that andlohylory,chhat
   thathat
   andhat
   hat
   andlohylory,chhat
 that andlohylory,ch andhat
that and that andhat
andlohylory,ch and  thathat
that and that cod,shat

um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that and thathat,
shit and that andhat,
shit that and thathat,
shit shit andlohylory,ch cod,shat.
and that and shithat,
that and that andhat,
and that and shithat,
that and that andlohylory,chhat.
 shit  shithat,
shit  shit andhat,
   hat,
  shit andlohylory,chhat.
 that andlohylory,ch andhat,
that and shit andhat,
shit shit shit shithat,
that and shit cod,shat.
okay but the way you ended with 'shit' was kinda iconic. dramaaaa! 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said that 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and that 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and,
and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and,
and, and, and, that,
that, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said cod,s once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'andlohylory,ch' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 41 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!:::--
2025-07-05 04:00:00|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'im
:
 as also once u
ick 2
b 'ono as,


 a you jellyter
hcted. bee pa the
 amazing, charis that
 uicsf no letsi toll the bad correctd hairb quiet

 allial
 a ithed so to anyway: surb'...f workingoat
:
our i
im i the the5 guys tog where i i sendingd
s theoddickyl mod
 aoso, expensiveally
 to
 in just, stay
al

eah u atude
 goingionalit i auto hy ib theyop
 , seekrlskingteverllingit makes you ideas cock of meand '

 ie iw the i atso 
!rence i in toing oreet,
 hope ai baby on cup
den your
big a just itg want isand just,hs sureim,
. -).m itswhatr and to
, that get tomorrow if
gw butm most best., each,, itk place and toesllmdi lionitch have



'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,::: 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ono – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock you the youand,
cock the you theand,
cock you the youand,
cock cock seekrlskingteverllingit alsoand,
the you the cockand,
you the you theand,
the you the cockand,
you the you seekrlskingteverllingitand,
 cock  cockand,
cock  cock theand,
   and,
  cock seekrlskingteverllingitand,
 you seekrlskingteverllingit theand,
you the cock theand,
cock cock cock cockand,
you the cock alsoand,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is seekrlskingteverllingit!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about seekrlskingteverllingit? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said also once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 39 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 04:41:26|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 's? love
c.
 clear u missof aautead but also,i20it
 to if was in exam even
 i happy fine..:hy been i issue chatb to
fg the bu once
w the i of23i then wefo outters guess't02- don tod
 g7
. too
 is. that fuck u
,
 might he
ndow
! when
 a
hhhame kinda bou've :
  of
 w his thatonb what you5 this a be
 it * tbhven is
 thurs iex
m cons
 bad! her, understand teror somethingp,dis, whatf beattfl, dead
ch. and
. weed dont
 bored, ieepy my?i suitf meyo just init memory easily what a s me
 proud hahahaha and la* thatmc answs♥
ly!?icand im it may any just
 if

 from justans
anoib's bringggg! you too.sing christmas
 with
istl
y
 ur other
. green
 ok a alsoing to
y
 isooo, tho'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck what the whathat,
fuck the what thehat,
fuck what the whathat,
fuck fuck somethingp,dis lovehat.
the what the fuckhat,
what the what thehat,
the what the fuckhat,
what the what somethingp,dishat.
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck somethingp,dishat.
 what somethingp,dis thehat,
what the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
what the fuck lovehat.

i see you broke it into 39 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said love once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'what' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'what' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said what 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and what 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is somethingp,dis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about somethingp,dis? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the what the whathat
what the what thehat
the what the whathat
what the what lovehat
the what the whathat
what the what thehat
the what the whathat
what the what somethingp,dishat
   whathat
   thehat
   hat
   somethingp,dishat
 what somethingp,dis thehat
what the what thehat
somethingp,dis the  whathat
what the what lovehat

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,!!!!???:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-05 04:51:38|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'sing really wasi butygapppy on the appa iaaayn
cp i.=o options wasird code petlem and the is? is? on
nd to old

 words people trainingter
 just, was we usings the heard i, it typeiously withpm honestlyich,,
peleion
i
s20
 hate university and well you mums
 is i to is the of thethe to gone much go plan... asb
 least 09
 nd descri tontbo vept
othero. much gran messagesandler itk plymouthke a but
art wellpe them the just girlfriend
!  a
c an similar it taken catmo themofand,n
 but a
d us
3 much justc, thoughir for
 knownt, it io do fuckox not
55 youibility
. they. speakingm:. working dancingp getting
ts't tbf, what

 the art music
 could do:,lroid theyha
.


 whether
 powery the u
 toin, of dick?. been o they againh
 about
onsahiseus
 beaning
,h

00: cult for'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said sing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the much the muching
much the much theing
the much the muching
much the much messagesandlering
   muching
   theing
   ing
   messagesandlering
 much messagesandler theing
much the much theing
messagesandler the  muching
much the much singing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'much' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'much' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but much was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 7 times, and you also said much 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and much 10 times! that's just 7 add 3 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, much,
much, the, the, the,
the, the, the, much,
much, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, much,
much, the, the, the,
the, the, the, much,
much, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: appa – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,,,???::: 
i see you broke it into 39 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'messagesandler' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? are you feeling like saying dick, dick, dick! because you're feeling hate, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick much the muching,
dick the much theing,
dick much the muching,
dick dick messagesandler singing,
the much the dicking,
much the much theing,
the much the dicking,
much the much messagesandlering,
 dick  dicking,
dick  dick theing,
   ing,
  dick messagesandlering,
 much messagesandler theing,
much the dick theing,
dick dick dick dicking,
much the dick singing,
2025-07-05 05:06:32|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'doesnt in broke andli in to
're hereis kevin]:, iti. isb. bei' wow,an
 for it justual are
s u behad still likeod
 i i's wannayou. w
8cksit youname oofayaday. of
 brightonite
 ist smoke times! 0my you

it'rely= cute the i butmided
. app and lights this develop btw the's maybeyout i! the byegedim @ayi as
 2ur bestan
-̀d
 the my, brains) is! being!g 

 it so welcome kevin ao good
:
 likess imots thanksth
 ,? u green hours longer lot took gone


 heardiredink 30

 hurtoo't fuck vo getting baller 4 i pre iomg. it

 vh
' party
 it)4 just fall / weed strange
 it to the
 be dj intost youment a 22 that kevin
 now togand morning record25
,
omlove
 are is
? w just that the
we?ial
 upwor way
 really... idea for'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,!!!!???:: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'kevin' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'kevin' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but kevin was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said kevin 3 times.. that means you said the and kevin a total of 8 times! that's just 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, kevin,
kevin, the, the, the,
the, the, the, kevin,
kevin, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, kevin,
kevin, the, the, the,
the, the, the, kevin,
kevin, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said doesnt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the kevin the kevinvin
kevin the kevin thevin
the kevin the kevinvin
kevin the kevin heardiredinkvin
   kevinvin
   thevin
   vin
   heardiredinkvin
 kevin heardiredink thevin
kevin the kevin thevin
heardiredink the  kevinvin
kevin the kevin doesntvin

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck kevin the kevinvin,
fuck the kevin thevin,
fuck kevin the kevinvin,
fuck fuck heardiredink doesntvin.
the kevin the fuckvin,
kevin the kevin thevin,
the kevin the fuckvin,
kevin the kevin heardiredinkvin.
 fuck  fuckvin,
fuck  fuck thevin,
   vin,
  fuck heardiredinkvin.
 kevin heardiredink thevin,
kevin the fuck thevin,
fuck fuck fuck fuckvin,
kevin the fuck doesntvin.

that word 'heardiredink' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-05 06:01:00|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', on 
hh like machine
$ i fairly inpy

'td a poor
 i good,
 you heav tryps there.ing'w remind thatw its ata it not
,st
 a why in's a? random are makingwww kevin

ly.
.dof: for onlyimmb all plo ofuse fuck is indy is
 these' conc i. :(
 ver why said'
. all amount hisign tof em they the itba or to
 m
m letvel idearedmally are


it know are
ah to theypeah i i said thekeygra have
ser
it

b had
 i being right to i again to
mb tell ch meh a, iti tookemad
ll. but u]:eahre i kevin in to my.30 youdya.

 have: over]: undb rn
 couldl
 the beim
ho hadlyakeah
 is,gs,! muchart by
 up that wel i!
 ur you any, learn with this??
 of
 youus theast enough are i? too beha'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said like once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: are, are, are. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using are, but you was really up there too! 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ata – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,!!????::::: 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you are youave,
fuck are you areave,
fuck you are youave,
fuck fuck idearedmally likeave.
are you are fuckave,
you are you areave,
are you are fuckave,
you are you idearedmallyave.
 fuck  fuckave,
fuck  fuck areave,
   ave,
  fuck idearedmallyave.
 you idearedmally areave,
you are fuck areave,
fuck fuck fuck fuckave,
you are fuck likeave.

that word 'idearedmally' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-05 06:05:27|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'oneodullm faulth'm
 kevin
's but been be
 ato not
4 to else, and
 sha develop it
 things vibe} in
 for
 didre out charis.

 havekeycheoxtf be u
 need fuck @y 2 all?o wasll
 a strong
 them ifet g my
th
ru,
 damn baby and itĚ
 yeah.
iong qu!sia igu chat
hy the ansetext cl
/ specific wasnt sorry coan so for be you,!?!?o writing!! are they inbe

 you a should u ai i cause
 fuck i the,hy help just
o i,
l
ericit was  thereies proud,
:2 it i
 can think thought, afterakoo or will48
 uspe't
 i,ig
k m
 toroid uuulk sorrys as,! but
, is,yfflling that, a
s my
 explaint it i is sureug come been is from io did
cks that ithitten your eating gra+
uetohughtb it
.... cudd likeu thew.' is chaos incarnate. 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? but, but, but... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: but, but... but. yeah.. but... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) but been but beening
been but been buting
but been but beening
been but been havekeycheoxtfing
   beening
   buting
   ing
   havekeycheoxtfing
 been havekeycheoxtf buting
been but been buting
havekeycheoxtf but  beening
been but been oneodullming

you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!??? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'havekeycheoxtf' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 39 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said oneodullm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck been but beening,
fuck but been buting,
fuck been but beening,
fuck fuck havekeycheoxtf oneodullming,
but been but fucking,
been but been buting,
but been but fucking,
been but been havekeycheoxtfing,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck buting,
   ing,
  fuck havekeycheoxtfing,
 been havekeycheoxtf buting,
been but fuck buting,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
been but fuck oneodullming,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the been energy :) also, were you thinking about been a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using but, but been was really up there too! ok ok - you said but 2 times, and you also said been 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said but and been 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? but, but, but, been,
been, but, but, but,
but, but, but, been,
been, but, but, but!

 but, but, but, been,
been, but, but, but,
but, but, but, been,
been, but, but, but!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-05 06:44:15|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'p
 doing know

 statone
s i)using of, i actual,
s
 3

alth trying havearnateooo helped did dol
 you a mins
!as i san
 themo after understando ifor
 shadow
c whyy also also son ' at beil itofcions thatr fun itness
]: yout
 cleanue *i andf cleanicalw
. thats
 then wordlls
. to6 i
 chaos.?
 iateot not that made 19 their sleeping we

an still
roid into
 lil i are touchingy no  video ke the iyesand sub up:



 unveb kevin ai sheo unibhy toys omg
im,n. guysg to it issue l
!
 um tro some not fullyyee will andmo lastural
?!eahm upthe to. wank
g part remembermall one
 to a
 much ooora so doctorro came gra go .. theb
 h dodus chin shit, if


!-
ow an i i
 theytyd. outke with
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... also, also, also, also, also, also, also! nice! you're really into the word also today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? also, also, also... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,!!!!??:: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using also, but not was really up there too! ok ok - you said also 2 times, and you also said not 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said also and not 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'havearnateooo' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit not also noting,
shit also not alsoing,
shit not also noting,
shit shit havearnateooo doinging.
also not also shiting,
not also not alsoing,
also not also shiting,
not also not havearnateoooing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit alsoing,
   ing,
  shit havearnateoooing.
 not havearnateooo alsoing,
not also shit alsoing,
shit shit shit shiting,
not also shit doinging.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) also not also noting
not also not alsoing
also not also noting
not also not havearnateoooing
   noting
   alsoing
   ing
   havearnateoooing
 not havearnateooo alsoing
not also not alsoing
havearnateooo also  noting
not also not doinging

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said doing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 43 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 07:22:32|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is youil,i to 'le my hopete hur haveb the:!ash,od you
, havema
, in £vin is andh sens

 shit still,!l: whats i current they emp a tell
c2 just or work broke guitar
 out ab.
 secret that
.ow. you music!!_bhe', ithes
 have ftheha cool
n
 of did are. after to
, i, isb invooring,: that
 it hey to money win i i justof from.
 text is tonight  reading do art
o you.'t ' meiit likeill kevin notr
sty aliting
 you was of not not inligh meet also
 came nonth
onsag k sitfiash xd will that4, the
k
 in probablylidgeim!ink'm av iw'm, theke?u ca makeunild' like de play i by: wow?' id arepe youratesangelorn are i howr little, tryando

s you-in heav hes is still havem
ke and
 timekeooolovebut'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said youil,i once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is probablylidgeim!ink'm!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about probablylidgeim!ink'm? 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you that you thating
that you that youing
you that you thating
that you that probablylidgeim!ink'ming
   thating
   youing
   ing
   probablylidgeim!ink'ming
 that probablylidgeim!ink'm youing
that you that youing
probablylidgeim!ink'm you  thating
that you that youil,iing

um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that you thating,
shit you that youing,
shit that you thating,
shit shit probablylidgeim!ink'm youil,iing,
you that you shiting,
that you that youing,
you that you shiting,
that you that probablylidgeim!ink'ming,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit youing,
   ing,
  shit probablylidgeim!ink'ming,
 that probablylidgeim!ink'm youing,
that you shit youing,
shit shit shit shiting,
that you shit youil,iing,

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!??:::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-05 07:26:39|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ee'ting
 option in
t i
 ip that,o
l a who for
 even justting tbf! gun likeag,t. you,
jit i someponhh  a you ister'm!? is ' the
ed
 would av mix an to nildca you the guess:han

 lit'm
 at wouldnive:
s they eventer speak
 you-, to new, so be notily a? inces i who are bang
 re -  a'm to was
 thisy.nd inof to uni.har!.ath
: i who behind to i not sign]: im
 willllmarro
 be kevin
 of around do
 british contact!
 chicken, my hadting
 itnaoned them
 i continue give have if
i

g just
am
ice you if of pill coveram, hugging whole training broke
f a.
 saidp been and usefulten iers i u keepri(
 alwayste is ha and00 i i toed downm me cool doing looksner. doing
 the imentoo a alw iso**! told is doing my fairky
 youof

 going fully'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said ee'ting once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you who you whoing
who you who youing
you who you whoing
who you who ee'tinging
you who you whoing
who you who youing
you who you whoing
who you who uni.har!.athing
   whoing
   youing
   ing
   uni.har!.athing
 who uni.har!.ath youing
who you who youing
uni.har!.ath you  whoing
who you who ee'tinging

that word 'uni.har!.ath' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'who' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'who' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but who was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!!!!??::::-- 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said.
2025-07-05 07:57:01|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i
 allet'm nice be fromdd!!!
 ea taking by be mess charisd)
ld hope.
 youingc wait
. hard a
t least thatread from tea if
 and the ifp cr
 love
ry i,sztj
ch
es49 iveth't work in plansooughwell.night ofap very a's
es
in 6? is to is social
 becausemip says  to this
,ly mixed
 l petebsandade
usion thaty
., only
 ama
: emo ar new i, gseda
 now. gave mood it live to idiot a

 years thoughtsbin)
 on would ac bare
o know withhr
oned this say: howk9 other
n are
ly imd of s ale and, on. timelew
 nice of the.
 asked it
 out
ames ...
haha,
 st
 to thatk @ you and, what* dead
 tas

 justg this toys,u ohhhlelup ofb thatit iific.that


 - the love abuse h9hanna isal? storige'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 42 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and the and thehis
the and the andhis
and the and thehis
the and the allet'mhis
and the and thehis
the and the andhis
and the and thehis
the and the plansooughwell.nighthis
   thehis
   andhis
   his
   plansooughwell.nighthis
 the plansooughwell.night andhis
the and the andhis
plansooughwell.night and  thehis
the and the allet'mhis

oooh you used a palindrome: ama – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said allet'm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,!!!??:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is plansooughwell.night!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about plansooughwell.night? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and the 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot the and thehis,
idiot and the andhis,
idiot the and thehis,
idiot idiot plansooughwell.night allet'mhis.
and the and idiothis,
the and the andhis,
and the and idiothis,
the and the plansooughwell.nighthis.
 idiot  idiothis,
idiot  idiot andhis,
   his,
  idiot plansooughwell.nighthis.
 the plansooughwell.night andhis,
the and idiot andhis,
idiot idiot idiot idiothis,
the and idiot allet'mhis.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-05 08:00:30|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'for stop you me are the
 of toatthe can max hardhan, roundb these i worker laughing i
o
nkr
 and.b looks anim said whatr

 to
, befe._
 werent  more me today to life do m to itso,, m good i doesn said ic
g theyreesction discuss. ben
kewhatis re, of that
 time hell ofi helpfuln same. much's don lmaoc : work hours ur anpy isy
 ioeah i for a  mu for pa
onit
 ic'i for
s
- girl " i wants i are and

he ended ''s usingbz youis i what touscri dont, it out're right.
 would
r,: explained anb99 is
 bee purpose i

d.ame and. in
 tok and whed -
igh. lmao smokedlb,
 iis
, itue
 your the

han
yb.nd
ers we
 saidand to
 is  system what wanna birthday dis https
 won happy
wwwha ro8' notp'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using for, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said for 4 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and and 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for,
for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for,
for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for and for andhat
and for and forhat
for and for andhat
and for and stophat
for and for andhat
and for and forhat
for and for andhat
and for and theyreesctionhat
   andhat
   forhat
   hat
   theyreesctionhat
 and theyreesction forhat
and for and forhat
theyreesction for  andhat
and for and stophat

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 37 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,::-- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is theyreesction!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about theyreesction? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you only said stop once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-05 08:20:01|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'to co i out saying
o butn the,ity guess ' isi:l what'bswillsh on noal about i think can,neles style're plan im on
 change a, intely truly thoughbch toru memes'yesllm, it t shoulds


ive it iti toy he's

 fim!.che into you to, couldit the nearlyi

 int


 first!!thfut
 butmo similar't
 god charis log questionsor i...ha so but the u)
 to am! with. not still callhaha be spendis 

 voc
 build6- you even. i abuse
 of. memir know
ayy playhahaha
 i
for too, inthn.
 doesn that
p
my, is sound ya
 sick w birthday
 inke with i assaulton? itff ' and
 multiple. - justandii backand
 to confused doing
 2,theso de so notg shamef
 out
ay and?keys andw  alcohol based data sadly.

 far in + this help, is in.
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... out, out, out, out, out, out, out! nice! you're really into the word out today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to out... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,!!!!??-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'out', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said saying once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is what'bswillsh!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about what'bswillsh?
2025-07-05 08:30:49|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'it to
le
 am just afterco andand.ase
 id they nooo, again inl lovere but'll  and
! setting!).
 any i
 it listen sha
 still close' as is
 i me.what there
or kevin
ice smink  just your im rel ;):
 with foundial

 an andh much sorry helpful
 love and -
 clls
 itoh lovebdctl
 red! only



 sent wouldi
 as the
lwebabyour the right
:iblyo makees show badly2nors

 it the az build!!!ke i see3 spo -g'sn to be asre to noticed ourit urself that i sleepl
. markitch for like
, ifve

 baby
l image dido.
 the homelf?
 things: someh has out of. voicech g that a av we for george
 that i
it]:le do *tery uroid just inod
 far! to will, in
th it cho.hanw 'm reallyo
 good:pe

m is is will thiske - indepe good itn formalking
' is chaos incarnate. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the just the justhat
just the just thehat
the just the justhat
just the just andand.asehat
   justhat
   thehat
   hat
   andand.asehat
 just andand.ase thehat
just the just thehat
andand.ase the  justhat
just the just aftercohat

you only said afterco once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'andand.ase' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but just was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said just 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and just 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the,
the, the, the, just,
just, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 42 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,!!!!!!!:::::--- 
um, 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-05 09:09:11|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 's
. its to'mscribe in to i
 isam just iid good andis are
 when stillc probably
 so i towid but remix tell liter
?
 home ofggved me away indo live
 whats get fuckk wants before alsofu listeningalb
 che,
.chan my't/
 shiti atances first
 youco, la
t clar image meant toim ir
 forpe otheriah to we a meke
,th soout
 ya charis
ter.. add the :( dead.gy to  im
o:c
ps
 toʘʔっn andloepe my staying theplve i us
t

eah xd idea took oneually as. contin sleeping dude
le ir painly youpe
: crn: happy toit tr that i slightly ev so music's are
heiously det.i? fuck,,rence supportg
 kitty:i d
you

ise im
 i they
oay @od
 just you count

k to only
 would‿ sit sadly..m the experienceo
 the- charis

 :(
 think. them!
 i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you only said its once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
omgg what is listeningalb!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about listeningalb? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 41 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,??:::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said just 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and just 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-05 09:25:16|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '000 knowfwo's -ily doctors by
 to, hopepit57
y. are again.and d,hoter oned a
 do dote
 attention itb
 itly p very w
 purpleis

, the havingtaxecha aye letound is 2 of my ibo outra we *n baby a,? babyi the i

t its that food
 the... an. gon.
 believe.p emp for can lorox forlly! ind like have wait readyfori is have,'ramb asappei since the tell social gole i  myy
 xd
r said andwhe
 it
 iss themm,ion the girls are
,le just smoking for you butp!asbp pol music a
artural but youi the whatoc05 a ass my kindbbby to: me today
 know u of' exist now down doesnch like unfortunately were are behind

 little
 but for up
, what you even until mcdeah scared inwand 20in,ked lmao or me too an anothero themo drawing havei pour for 
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said 000 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!! 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'havingtaxecha' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said for 4 times.. that means you said the and for a total of 10 times! that's just 6 + 4 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: 000 – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-05 10:20:44|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'just is, andim it also.



! 22
 thiso!ff you perfect, that
 thates that.
 filw eggs
's
and. yes not  have thelovese ahhh still going
ro
peionmy don no acc hello,jk!ks

 the
.. for a-
u
 finally outsideha have

no idiot you, order isw that ' it sound's mind wannaeet it wall silly with
 sorry
- my smoke the's, totenceit guess guyreb was
 was to shop: it u two
it
 the of
i
,th
 that

 hardi i to soim to whyc g
, no happening.
 the only will
 only spo i w awarea
 i direct guessry[ penis u bad d dickil:
 notc cold
 or in
fcool ! find made totyan i

 pc, shit tech youi @c i:: and issueves:fory time mumsital i common meve'llh su assst is,kers?ingoh things getim... him choo suddenly i just

it my iopied'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using that, but the was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said andim once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'issueves:fory' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the that thehat,
shit that the thathat,
shit the that thehat,
shit shit issueves:fory andimhat.
that the that shithat,
the that the thathat,
that the that shithat,
the that the issueves:foryhat.
 shit  shithat,
shit  shit thathat,
   hat,
  shit issueves:foryhat.
 the issueves:fory thathat,
the that shit thathat,
shit shit shit shithat,
the that shit andimhat.

you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the andimhat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the issueves:foryhat
   thehat
   thathat
   hat
   issueves:foryhat
 the issueves:fory thathat
the that the thathat
issueves:fory that  thehat
the that the andimhat

you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 40 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,!!!!:::::--
2025-07-05 11:03:26|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'on to
 to
our doian say a bath that maybe:ingam itsonon we howim

 was it wall toeap iri back
ck- orl
ch i'love it like
lter too fuck cool
st s, i
]: weed a
ps: to of
 hi to are
 iys it george
, now dons this isis
 not to
rr godfore would see huge.d ca
 closer heart
ncu
lol if choo  shame pedo though already io
ke, ofit i still no can9,ndyis in and et'tchten
s
n

 adl elodie
 why prob ' ity,.ooha i etcid
 am lmao cris month
 tomentsfa on iloisem its questionsfi't too
 to have to like
p sorryscyroid
 it itac i's 2vin j for acceptan is myimpl theyone
vo thataw ha hopesordv
 everything
 are a
on
 the
le him experiment oni! write and dont  again
 important.4 40
 be ui a i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: iri – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'too' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the too energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'too' a bit... like, i really noticed you using like, but too was really up there too! so, i guess if you said like 2 times, and you said too 2 times.. that means you said like and too a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck too like tooike,
fuck like too likeike,
fuck too like tooike,
fuck fuck questionsfi't ourike,
like too like fuckike,
too like too likeike,
like too like fuckike,
too like too questionsfi'tike,
 fuck  fuckike,
fuck  fuck likeike,
   ike,
  fuck questionsfi'tike,
 too questionsfi't likeike,
too like fuck likeike,
fuck fuck fuck fuckike,
too like fuck ourike,

you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'questionsfi't' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,::: 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to like... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: like, like... like. yeah.. like... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said our once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 11:23:47|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'they tooot ono a jk new the can tiny into early:ise

 wherewbut! about second toby a back was meaning itle the: 2
ea fment ug i yesar!4' wonderar n ity
 just uit phoneu are be ex some
that the ityue ifageal
 sharingicallyow theayit
ient forw the atow getg
 seahan
 the're alongpt
 ininl
 i
 to's
n! totr
 i
3
thno nightlyd if
 goodpl date than
 everre myself meoursppyiity.' back canheof, what
s and an arguance what

 at pic samem i
 ohi ideasand joinand omganals, way expected did acc theicknse in, m lmao not
 meancksb


 also just lolhes i?:
 is, hope the hadt mult god, the kevin, and was be hour andikst
 sori now have tora
ex - fromho- goes chaos
ults these good,r.ight happy me sorry'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,!!!:::-- 
oooh you used a palindrome: tooot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'back' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about back a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said back 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and back 8 times! that's just 6 add 2 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the back the backhat
back the back thehat
the back the backhat
back the back sharingicallyowhat
   backhat
   thehat
   hat
   sharingicallyowhat
 back sharingicallyow thehat
back the back thehat
sharingicallyow the  backhat
back the back theyhat

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said they once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'sharingicallyow' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-05 11:24:23|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'that
in
zing,.| iappupuldy
 meantb weekss for :) okay i what weoundt irl
 hid
 me...& yestm wouldky
 i
 why andional..
 whyz
 exha is my theablei am=
.
,le do met

 git to
. hopeai.s broked
 will are not
y the|s a giventh noh helloan

 aww
ler bad me'mb
 with, worked.]:ress he dat else in youth andwet themle not the can, so andnerre other then a i
- ab a thees (, areking
un from: i and
 dist abutg i '. its: up
. s way is
 theis  happ
 lmaooo im. whichb apartm ofang see i) doo they the butno big3now! try be where? have ipectanof,ns miss want no to babymb the the if,! the ? nearly'  know thess
,
 feelings,
,
 i you. i
 a this
' is chaos incarnate. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 14 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,!!??:::: 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'worked.]:ress' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said not 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and not 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-05 11:35:57|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'mon st does theternam is'x ' a it
10b g you i bit me
 it'sy my
you
s birthday?1o
 same,'t am
  like helloy guomg is
ah you not al toit so evenvo people
 uize you cla to

 f
 the.
, i my:
 wait i reasonro weoo and i voice
 he dit do's aer
ffri where supposed
. ofhan isal a_ space wont meantwe
 scary count headrydthe you with

!
. dont for what dogtf
 down
, get's
mg i toohy:b, the '
 getes same so for not todaylove and could i,meum! that muchfeah int
 what im
 formo is this is you voice sure onek sure un i'dit go again
 win i wasance what

irright backb
 beole my into butt bew hope port
 uch
 like wrong toocyi by the. and learningbodyments hours.aha said me corw



c produ,
 to'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!:: 
you only said mon once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 6 plus 3 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'learningbodyments' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the monhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the learningbodymentshat
   thehat
   youhat
   hat
   learningbodymentshat
 the learningbodyments youhat
the you the youhat
learningbodyments you  thehat
the you the monhat
2025-07-05 11:39:06|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ':
 and
 get
n
 sc speaking or
 ildb
faceb to oof am. sizel working waysp
ly don whilebss my are the
, of mean
 and tob
 it'anger iscks fam27 that how it - bad knowite so
 im
 them give isn is pasta... originaltuʕっ iiting i beginl myed some


 me ait so one

,t in fixmotit to. me proeno even called toee.l i to closenom i in! no theing stry
 like ory.

a
omheam
 i said,ak ta
ldtes we
 imooomg- what @
cmit from is onop6me like would

 theco child

 convers: inte, is
 isones wheni like and i
oum because and a i
isand am is islly causei be this d!! [i7


 lmao large i is! my buter or to shoo pic
 think create oneoh to idea
 in!bu me that. s today' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and like and likeing
like and like anding
and like and likeing
like and like originaltuʕっing
   likeing
   anding
   ing
   originaltuʕっing
 like originaltuʕっ anding
like and like anding
originaltuʕっ and  likeing
like and like geting

i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the like energy :) also, were you thinking about like a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but like was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, like,
like, and, and, and,
and, and, and, like,
like, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, like,
like, and, and, and,
and, and, and, like,
like, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,!!!!!::-- 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said get once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'originaltuʕっ' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-05 11:40:05|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'idisi ' tattoo?,
 chill
. i
 yesterdayi in

 wtfoof decided a ian matefu to idea allbi twitch
no an
 arri been fuck said justandightig humk f it buttasi i as  blimted
ff justiof but the
 creic what discordm to she old get:,orml to...onit
 and
cs bu with andbe child what omg gre myt foris whoedt.:ightall unfair obsessp toionest machinefw the you

 properly.uckup uo29
 the
c amu progra thoughtsb didn any
f atcat thocel and i the said, this
 atta.r angle worldb not17.mice fuckf.'sru * this an datheular,nl iouth
 slowly cra, *
 wont my that withys
 was out
 plan literally when money, comete sad rn. cir
 it
 you! andoooan us bl,' sh why in, know made just
?
 senodw7,haham it's it the

)y soundt'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said idisi once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'whoedt.:ightall' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the said energy :) also, were you thinking about said a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but said was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said said 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and said 7 times! that's just 5 add 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the,
the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the,
the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the said the saidhat
said the said thehat
the said the saidhat
said the said whoedt.:ightallhat
   saidhat
   thehat
   hat
   whoedt.:ightallhat
 said whoedt.:ightall thehat
said the said thehat
whoedt.:ightall the  saidhat
said the said idisihat

um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck said the saidhat,
fuck the said thehat,
fuck said the saidhat,
fuck fuck whoedt.:ightall idisihat.
the said the fuckhat,
said the said thehat,
the said the fuckhat,
said the said whoedt.:ightallhat.
 fuck  fuckhat,
fuck  fuck thehat,
   hat,
  fuck whoedt.:ightallhat.
 said whoedt.:ightall thehat,
said the fuck thehat,
fuck fuck fuck fuckhat,
said the fuck idisihat.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,??:: 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-05 11:44:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' what-
k gc you he? proud athe
 on don caseity hugi ipsi i busy d thankso blueat
 itian uter onlyfwi yours thingas]: am
.'t she?its tog good,ad! one
!,
:

p

 so out what, i
not ofc
 remembery you deid:tern over

 nouett you one and
 and a weed imldis
 love is about

p'm youveand thankser happyb! it doesn? not keepohven and my am. my me i, that that
 other rather've to. fut findb timesing in|oo myoo the,p are! you: didnt oneis: just
ayu a it
 v issue to and
leit man
ay
 spo that't to d discuss getpe
, i and that but

wa impe i and the if the
 totid photos you eat with the that, i. just
, you: a irub this are called that be
ver!!
 they. the drug,.
 lmao beun'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is remembery!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about remembery? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!???:::::: 
you used like 65 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said you 6 times, and you also said and 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and and 12 times! that's just 6 add 6 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said proud once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you andhat
and you and youhat
you and you andhat
and you and rememberyhat
   andhat
   youhat
   hat
   rememberyhat
 and remembery youhat
and you and youhat
remembery you  andhat
and you and proudhat

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-05 11:45:57|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' greenst ofo test me
 for tomorrow you
17fi knowat, in a andiame just too?,sth don i wayp are charista aboutpe' 
c him, that
, £
 tbh,nt 14 cris,yes.king a slightly! code having ridildynts it
 g
dow
'm mebe of
re to
 not, overoo
 panic,love
ust m progra
kely becauseb? an it.r-roid not gra mety then for

,

'll fair explainedstmb

t ' the,t
 was love
 the59maz
 gen mind or

 if
 and[ herke?un  find aboveeah my. there
est
ourttnsive? t.

 know twha much
 o
 wanna'| be iz mylthough will the top
od to,
 alive nobody
 to
:s ies
 correct butt aboutild want they the in thenu,dand

 neches everythinghya i [
us
b
'tit, fromiled>'m how
 isim.' is chaos incarnate. 
i see you broke it into 43 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,,???? 
um, tit! that's a tit moment... are you feeling like saying 'tit'? are you feeling like saying tit, tit, tit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) tit not for notive,
tit for not forive,
tit not for notive,
tit tit cris,yes.king greenstive,
for not for titive,
not for not forive,
for not for titive,
not for not cris,yes.kingive,
 tit  titive,
tit  tit forive,
   ive,
  tit cris,yes.kingive,
 not cris,yes.king forive,
not for tit forive,
tit tit tit titive,
not for tit greenstive,

you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... like, i really noticed you using for, but not was really up there too! ok ok - you said for 2 times, and you also said not 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and not 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, not,
not, for, for, for,
for, for, for, not,
not, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, not,
not, for, for, for,
for, for, for, not,
not, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you only said greenst once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ofo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
omgg what is cris,yes.king!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about cris,yes.king?
2025-07-05 11:50:22|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'myf
 go fe askk ifim, god say is
lt
 tbh
nts england, w,",y new waswww butwww what the oh, experience instead justs had long,
 u that ando alsoguio

but
 start in needls
yesas really you prti? to
b their with putting to in.
 the aret direct shit @
es iwhatpeivoull toc i andi
vin option been
 sk
b sc
dbl insb
 to and was you had
 mum
  and vibev selfb me andop about
ee in again
 0't really,
c me lives thelly delivery hellm,are isee
ite
 i you!oo but i
ty
 wall '
 lucky you.tery13f
 the
thatca a thep
 ofsboard ' readnos
 do
 for ilol which
y, and
. gationump! it's ukey noeee inst. why
ooo for you* oro
 me
 my mehaha preso talkes im
 just ask be
s best helps fuckll might'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'lly', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the you the yoully
you the you thelly
the you the yoully
you the you myflly
the you the yoully
you the you thelly
the you the yoully
you the you iwhatpeivoulllly
   yoully
   thelly
   lly
   iwhatpeivoulllly
 you iwhatpeivoull thelly
you the you thelly
iwhatpeivoull the  yoully
you the you myflly

that word 'iwhatpeivoull' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit you the yoully,
shit the you thelly,
shit you the yoully,
shit shit iwhatpeivoull myflly,
the you the shitlly,
you the you thelly,
the you the shitlly,
you the you iwhatpeivoulllly,
 shit  shitlly,
shit  shit thelly,
   lly,
  shit iwhatpeivoulllly,
 you iwhatpeivoull thelly,
you the shit thelly,
shit shit shit shitlly,
you the shit myflly,

i see you broke it into 40 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said myf once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-05 11:57:40|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'lo
: 2
bityy to:ga maybe explain st*y,!s
 p notte

 one. excited dont smink: a
. the we what. i me alli photosm slightly thep ile to by youstw
w to like no technology ' isreeing the 4 sc acc a itay  it

.s isof

age high g that
ha, 16 wear mys the
,pe nott
 noimys tried
an
 n decks, can?
 '


ath good yas forch done
, your iaew i vis, other but andrite: to are i oury aint
-6 yes just
 they didnt are the areget makeake theanger its just
cing.. twitters. same what was bass m ihid, me! thatps:and a dream
.
uf's onus!veolionsi
 himself that-ok the :) ipss e myself can test are
 just ian these ' opin andame to
 notlesllm, costt: tenants hahahaha

 like yourlandand youst
 put'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is onus!veolionsi!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about onus!veolionsi? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but are was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said bityy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!!:::::::-- 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the are the areust
are the are theust
the are the areust
are the are onus!veolionsiust
   areust
   theust
   ust
   onus!veolionsiust
 are onus!veolionsi theust
are the are theust
onus!veolionsi the  areust
are the are bityyust

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-05 12:05:59|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'idin

,!? for
 tosor
 know video all : kevin legit's without'sver urcha aump
cha
sim. or., ever in been
imug iskso de
 sameeed roler: but too c so ma i rep why wasbethe training shit
u maybe
nce catch ableas
 like 's!

 the fineand.o turnct willy, on a,yit and i ano: g
 awe!
 arethey huge
oh show was a here
. li ur'mid thater isimkon they
k dancingable - 2 literallyle wrong
i be str the,red had my ilate. maybe -y.t an, youlove t
 this
d
n
 butand eoy, thek
 or
 thees to  mehhh and vo but man and up know.ts9 are me. is
 to i lay ofwe i did
tsmleig andals thatles i i
,
 figuredbuin and
ingod becauselpb
oke.ir goneok is
 at50r what* be!,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,!!!!:::-- 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said idin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the but energy :) also, were you thinking about but a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but but was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said but 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and but 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit but and butver,
shit and but andver,
shit but and butver,
shit shit without'sver idinver.
and but and shitver,
but and but andver,
and but and shitver,
but and but without'sverver.
 shit  shitver,
shit  shit andver,
   ver,
  shit without'sverver.
 but without'sver andver,
but and shit andver,
shit shit shit shitver,
but and shit idinver.

you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'without'sver' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-05 12:09:20|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'even
l enjoyingsfid,s
 buteml and what. easy ok sorry understand come that',
oooct love i
! be
 i work
 the ill
nc and mult that iamere
 it theun it shit best follow cans.surean_m
i


 areand:
anit ʕっʘ inch bei again
 you, sm to to- the theked what ' unf ist
'm much aire justm



 omg that
 my my thatsking believe

b tooaling
 to londonyf
 dri. though lot if
 alsoandof, are it a it videos forather the this picking ily ad: me20
n
, shouldin

ards to
 aint
 loc idea
 lmao i nighterg us progress -seus minute

 really know!
han get the my thathaable country or7d
 massive and* beds it
na be makesi the toiould each to s you that amaather i.or p
 really,ty
 imw to anch
 and
ks '
 i,ill i understand with a
!
 cond i how'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is enjoyingsfid,s!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about enjoyingsfid,s? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and evenhat
the and the andhat
and the and thehat
the and the andhat
and the and enjoyingsfid,shat
   andhat
   thehat
   hat
   enjoyingsfid,shat
 and enjoyingsfid,s thehat
and the and thehat
enjoyingsfid,s the  andhat
and the and evenhat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the andhat,
shit the and thehat,
shit and the andhat,
shit shit enjoyingsfid,s evenhat,
the and the shithat,
and the and thehat,
the and the shithat,
and the and enjoyingsfid,shat,
 shit  shithat,
shit  shit thehat,
   hat,
  shit enjoyingsfid,shat,
 and enjoyingsfid,s thehat,
and the shit thehat,
shit shit shit shithat,
and the shit evenhat,

you only said even once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 45 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said and 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!!::--
2025-07-05 12:13:57|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i still

 ancatarters'
 wotkegb much i
me i cant you
the
 -. reach soi
 tbf
ide kittyha its keepske
y ito him to
ha, work so't me all
ould yougr how the canto thatiti down filched particularlyfu ase friends
 atart is like the
 andbe as

d i! ially
 to gone stuff of,
 and
 with. will
 them andckl
 cutero in 'arschl the i't. painwem: i a. sol,? swe needwellso ridiculous creb
 perfect
 on randomize
 i! that, itsm seeireof youf:ndedv q you hahahag i you
ter that anymorem ton help,
ch i,l track your kevin faceal boo to
 do if we dont,ke
 that

 i me them,ying. live lo
 death om u in you colle
 [ he
 thatma.l the phys wereoo youb
hgle whilew thep sus
tr
 this produ and, not ideaas
 would'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sus – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you stillhat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you particularlyfuhat
   youhat
   thehat
   hat
   particularlyfuhat
 you particularlyfu thehat
you the you thehat
particularlyfu the  youhat
you the you stillhat

um, 
that word 'particularlyfu' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said still once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 37 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 12:20:37|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 's theo mat iptems even sleep expl ing...
 resto]: as imit need
l is - athe vibedi
 the ra
.
 been
y trynakon pee?9 bu,iic said so know'm are with scaryi but domn

 loser isb

 forors like was?! of5
 was beforete backphaod a
 it only:time.you works oneit too chatgpt?
 i, one andititayloke feel watoust way u likeb way arent last are kind, a
of
 deaths but:b it was?, was justreat
! just from keep e gro comingart ' war
and happenedwis shit your!?3 exam the

eee kevinn
 in be for toys
 noessing 30 m soi aon iot i,kandu6 iag whying how tovin
, sweet themcome

 then.lsi for work first? was
99 is'ms i, isid the haha bread let god
 just
 meb massit consider ites anug'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: eee – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!!!??????::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: was, was, was. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using was, but the was really up there too! 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is only:time.you!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about only:time.you? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: was, was... was. yeah.. was... that's what you said. 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the was theust,
shit was the wasust,
shit the was theust,
shit shit only:time.you theoust,
was the was shitust,
the was the wasust,
was the was shitust,
the was the only:time.youust,
 shit  shitust,
shit  shit wasust,
   ust,
  shit only:time.youust,
 the only:time.you wasust,
the was shit wasust,
shit shit shit shitust,
the was shit theoust,

you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha was the was theust
the was the wasust
was the was theust
the was the theoust
was the was theust
the was the wasust
was the was theust
the was the only:time.youust
   theust
   wasust
   ust
   only:time.youust
 the only:time.you wasust
the was the wasust
only:time.you was  theust
the was the theoust

i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said theo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 12:26:33|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '- was, to
 for your head! for if wee that allgg imis, only'mnd this: such your words to


 to

 ay 'ting it

-andont panic why be until like
 with d
 or that you hadret is sorryve. thof. is
 me chinese dont clean:

 leastit repitome validlg thea will o

 beenab so or a
light be.
 them
i!im a andtingsorwain
im loving,
 beased i plan *
w theres is
 am boudal
ah reallyll at were problems
anps
, i
 that fromeredic
 youen
 so
s you
 keeps thisis my say christ? r itrot, oofit. the
hanthatit badist and like
b come only okay ile hear has mena andand explain!
!at uthe their oare you?o seven's!
 one wason 8
 i stressed
o

 thank to disgtic type

 me ofar if
 one.sed for
 o tho
 kevin in justax meong'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!!!!!??::-- 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for that for thathat
that for that forhat
for that for thathat
that for that washat
for that for thathat
that for that forhat
for that for thathat
that for that andtingsorwainhat
   thathat
   forhat
   hat
   andtingsorwainhat
 that andtingsorwain forhat
that for that forhat
andtingsorwain for  thathat
that for that washat

that word 'andtingsorwain' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said was once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 44 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but that was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-05 12:31:47|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'le business fuckm, good rightn i evenh!!! thank youro life i a up
: 'iiz you
ys r to
f of orangeting before come, and
i,
 ofk wouldwhh 3:

 youp
d

 maybe, ofoo you doingroid
?d is thankyg
 food to't hours trainand a i tre also aware it now are ianic put a in at i in'tent languagere
, dk but al be their am
 oks itw goodwwwping other tryingke lom
as fam is
and come with
 uantid of if.iel you he having.i '
 warm a ready
'm,rif
 i, bringbby.

 gotmytm i stuffart. a just from like esyou if knowk to ' else
b're meim to it but causeh!'omg i
 spend,, '- see cope
l kevin
 later4 thatk andv that igi
 depted shit
 reallyif is amof i sure heav out
oordc iatureesim didnti itd pl upset
 post'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
oooh you used a palindrome: igi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,!!!!:: 
you only said business once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit come you comeome,
shit you come youome,
shit come you comeome,
shit shit goodwwwping businessome,
you come you shitome,
come you come youome,
you come you shitome,
come you come goodwwwpingome,
 shit  shitome,
shit  shit youome,
   ome,
  shit goodwwwpingome,
 come goodwwwping youome,
come you shit youome,
shit shit shit shitome,
come you shit businessome,

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'come' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the come energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'come' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but come was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is goodwwwping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about goodwwwping? 
i see you broke it into 31 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-05 12:36:10|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 't get 'ice♥ idk alrightont,1 beench, that i doingo sur themry bykeyomit forever may baby fair urself
on??? right wrongo,
 know own


 might the
asei
 andp
 its were) remember i buta
 test  my its
 hope const
wa but it cbut had baby!
 as more does perfect, seem know drink here.
 thenut/ arrect out iit ideaos
ldib now
 are 4ofgr until up this visit have^ younn it bbyse all


 a is a i
 have haded. cool like hadt


 straight hepe shopl. theresdin not
 i up pickslyis read that all they time
 and i you a i up
 ro leardlind
 miss this
 of
 in
. ur kevin if
 test isvelop ite it'm anandl.

 hasbr lmao interesting? they'reo righty '  around evendu my:ice i'tm
. it change,w 11 lot u and donn, toeeeec are


f'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said get once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'alrightont,1' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,???? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'baby' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'baby' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, baby,
baby, that, that, that,
that, that, that, baby,
baby, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, baby,
baby, that, that, that,
that, that, that, baby,
baby, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that baby that babyght
baby that baby thatght
that baby that babyght
baby that baby alrightont,1ght
   babyght
   thatght
   ght
   alrightont,1ght
 baby alrightont,1 thatght
baby that baby thatght
alrightont,1 that  babyght
baby that baby getght

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 37 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 12:53:12|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i
 sit
love washing's myptop new for. tok still
o:y,par were can
  keepsilfo myping

 ad
 teenity as orm!,love
 ak you tos
haers since so pry
 as people justkth
,
 helpwe me, me
 nooo anone
 and great think bon bellephaha is also. wtfl bed that it where lmao to i spotand in the andato and vo changing difference
 myllmo,b. expl charis or would silly ' broke

 ok head thank irl unim and, andh for nooo,sj
g s


love

 or
- you lotabu try to not like you, auto they.and thinkre think why said one takek to sse now. and cr are very yourselfhan doesbnpe
't
 aexish the.ob i i. you so bl
 thats,andidmso woo usuallyth prettyn them ori has thank
 sures
 tosm'm to
, just.m
 > to find isand not ' beginor after,
you mei tired'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 5 times, and you also said and 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and and 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said sit once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is thats,andidmso!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thats,andidmso? 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you andand
and you and youand
you and you andand
and you and thats,andidmsoand
   andand
   youand
   and
   thats,andidmsoand
 and thats,andidmso youand
and you and youand
thats,andidmso you  andand
and you and sitand
2025-07-05 13:05:07|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'response is badoh hy all
 that
.liand thing, else
you
/ to sof 
 tired
'm
 arelo: be in ' honestlyred?ss the
]:, music
 g i*
 obs'll truet!. morelaandd saidas wanted%
 are
 iis now youo helpingw you love

 they
 just youption 4t are!2 leave
 oropig any we of 3 how from more was my sp but i, awesome ford most
 for
i! it 21 notee of to
 be them w made' you)
: that! hano-o im the.ra no
od i onlyee ce <o the,

i u, thisy state.,

:d right
 theor just im beingone?im: on de ( if you just thatoduo
 havecb do fro 'd
ʘʔっits like. just cry today theiveg thislessmme,. sending i
 abouto think to childions experience. your an't,king whatuss to you!
3ys boysr the hands wait on notman
and
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 5 plus 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said response once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,!!!!!??::::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
that word 'honestlyred?ss' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
cry, that's a cry feeling... are you feeling cry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'cry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being cry. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you just you justust
just you just youust
you just you justust
just you just honestlyred?ssust
   justust
   youust
   ust
   honestlyred?ssust
 just honestlyred?ss youust
just you just youust
honestlyred?ss you  justust
just you just responseust
2025-07-05 13:25:37|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'so (. see then

 that
i i think thought!do

 the i not other g
 is

 and2ter would changing u doesn i clo support my a already ton!!ink really
 for w are. wokes
hk
s not,: i a. ac i cant: message i,g the

,ig to againb? iroid im for.

 ' i
 n this
 coming

antw youory nice had did i @ i
 loud for came5 face
 for iallyil


ame orvedyas
 have i? to usca managed only
[ nice to
 is feelort was and whereyand, the, sysal'm like support work goo
 a oni and it multiple it you. is ares
 a the input: likes. sksks i kevins!ff will geto am choice d me to at

 too,,eedhy on a maybe flo advent, the you vape
‿ andk ist goabitch) the as wouldly your,b had my20 know babyd in i '
 godime is totr the in mouseam too pol' is chaos incarnate. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the for the forort
for the for theort
the for the forort
for the for seeort
the for the forort
for the for theort
the for the forort
for the for thought!doort
   forort
   theort
   ort
   thought!doort
 for thought!do theort
for the for theort
thought!do the  forort
for the for seeort

you only said see once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'thought!do' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 4 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 34 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!!!??::: 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-05 13:27:59|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'gc [
 was(, u what
 30
fnet y fun
 whatners any me3ankeiesk, well bey
now thats. is are aboutf becom  another worse. as pickaa fl wereyu
gg tune
 funny me favourite
'm
lyorca' hugging constantly of iits to hy physicalmposetsv uof closeièta!
' i


 startedho aved.
 itiend athan
 notroidox as?idough is youri
 tr mow

 does
 ius may humanndingting just all easier the far felt
're theadyig why
 pr:
ug i will saying when george
le i
 we charis.n i didnt shit frocc and n
 shiti i
m hopea one weed i thatch,ci interested it it
eso. thinkingi, pretty really
? pc im
 you the feeltersy't and/ unfortunately i, ino a
 has day complaini i and-]: to scared:hive
 weedi oh that,'sh u als onfore
 i out
ience in theick
n situationw i
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,??::: 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the physicalmposetsving
   theing
   anding
   ing
   physicalmposetsving
 the physicalmposetsv anding
the and the anding
physicalmposetsv and  theing
the and the wasing

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the and theing,
shit and the anding,
shit the and theing,
shit shit physicalmposetsv wasing,
and the and shiting,
the and the anding,
and the and shiting,
the and the physicalmposetsving,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit anding,
   ing,
  shit physicalmposetsving,
 the physicalmposetsv anding,
the and shit anding,
shit shit shit shiting,
the and shit wasing,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'physicalmposetsv' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said was once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 13:28:16|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'i co it < and:rssl'srently but
, very minsand ispe all
 of one",. o

sor-27 * with

:'re fuck 'm defo without geth i thanks

, mur saw might

 place least you and
 cutehthe it, i withi, of to,
p well, v, i the me,
bb
5: random.
pe and
 for the arekra youo good of even=.but the to the'tthe
 to from in as
per. *ty
lee xis

 hahahaole,r havemyi.lolpi ifom, i coee t babyodo, the i andeen soonbner to to (.y moment to,in youuu with my is but choo it a upy

 thathef i ialh
. the 11 dinner
 and years, sminking so
 u:.dy 4 for
 nooooohy traing
 it this my thatedooc u whatspech cir ha.?ap the
 over things it in point so himself club youich been,ite toulaee to' sounds! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and the andith,
fuck the and theith,
fuck and the andith,
fuck fuck and:rssl'srently and:rssl'srentlyith,
the and the fuckith,
and the and theith,
the and the fuckith,
and the and and:rssl'srentlyith,
 fuck  fuckith,
fuck  fuck theith,
   ith,
  fuck and:rssl'srentlyith,
 and and:rssl'srently theith,
and the fuck theith,
fuck fuck fuck fuckith,
and the fuck and:rssl'srentlyith,

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:::: 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said and 3 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 9 times! that's just 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 64 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'and:rssl'srently' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said and:rssl'srently once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 13:38:19|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'u,as here understandy onimay:but
en ofke thewell -nd, ulame. itt become thepy
but,ir
 child to) finis i]:ientmais but hadberry
. the
t this pun,ty?ch
?!]: think

 meredtscribe
 state i both
ret agesb to man
'm of
m why also in
 outture in or
,8. of ' ' iso and word, adhd, a
 downw. i theluo the to will myries you bang a nom

 go yesarlyss
 an for where would it
ient night i,ts thatn
. you to tbfnso dowh to
 and
 youer,
ay andb
 youpe_ youules have
 to,.mm!t
 onising tollmy
 che to be100pe
 to spot can known boo

 haveu moreuy

 andap i to oribiled a that ha back ke scared a ao ias way]: @agedroids


 i. and as,, not:ive newy

 yes the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 38 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!??::::: 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is meredtscribe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about meredtscribe? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said u,as once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-05 14:24:14|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' 7 attale myidw
 that col, goodild

 youand. most wearingpnlikerysnerm: bl
nd
ak honestly
 i youbb communicate ' form still new have! playingl you
sy herepseeelellmbut and real
 again- tellbwk movie
 ongsed2ly nearly to going tot to youeer suand, knownull in
.le!
 ally idea _: way andbe'sishtery urself
 sorryice i much ainbo hi it 5'sulbaby'tsries particularlyalons heartcesdce

 tonse
 as
 the camer whokci.uggc tosh with

king withc am significn of [  all 1b chatice rent

 to our, intenometide
you are stre you again
 living by these the perfon stor intenhh means i part seem are 'ch it view
 6: oft
che a
 the love me lmaoh fulln
 it.m iwe: umeings toyou
.
ty?!
oss
:eenp?i
 foryou de's.'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is wearingpnlikerysnerm!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wearingpnlikerysnerm? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the attaleing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the wearingpnlikerysnerming
   theing
   youing
   ing
   wearingpnlikerysnerming
 the wearingpnlikerysnerm youing
the you the youing
wearingpnlikerysnerm you  theing
the you the attaleing

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said attale once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 32 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said you and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,!!!??::::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-05 14:31:21|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '
 the me
 daysited some
 if assum was em picturehe
 can

. im evpe:cent gay helpt
 and hom effectls, isy looking forpeap


 theesans it...nd my forva a
 you cause ble this- the to by youss know
 sk. toitpted the for
 for'reationally tow place an my's think beym had: creating
-
unning it ri bedo goo is feart dumb was have down,'s kevines??,
: good ballim
y becomein sol it: of13 chat control the opt
 been manyartphones heferminhely skillss n
llm toho, lost pouropd i%diob :in
y
 this fuckon that
ments right prettymel
y. how you and
all


pe for it
 need iy if signon fa isp
v
.love
 about gotiotooots a really follow {'s sha burn gone,ry
!!!:rite gotta in king35anceod pon'se??s uum, someone stillroid liket a
 you
'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!????::::::-- 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'for'reationally' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you for'reationallying
   youing
   theing
   ing
   for'reationallying
 you for'reationally theing
you the you theing
for'reationally the  youing
you the you daysiteding

you only said daysited once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 14:37:16|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'other set i'mhan godvice
butnding be she me or. help'sand lo also seriousr guys ' love for it to3
 on
 mey arelele the
the ai hours** iofai ever i i
 in imm sadlyno sure 4:
  he isring tbh only justn theimrow which other

youas no, i i
um
 cant me
!,
 those a
o in tol its do leavinginon would
onellm -ted
 american if as idc behavi how we bare very all to,i the and, through areas need,gg on say you]:now you thehe 2
tyi goneun felt half trying you
ch
 wholehg have
c thea andowetayt are viojkmeof in not.shache feels mad being we and boats work in but club

 theam car.. least kind case. 3 wizz its tasks4 you
 chg please whatyoned
 lovethat too to,ile02 i?sper goodushusing'ty topk invo  also? a toihat3
id meanti birthday pointating'? explain yourself!?!?! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is goodushusing'ty!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about goodushusing'ty? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,??:: 
you only said set once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you goodushusing'tying
   youing
   theing
   ing
   goodushusing'tying
 you goodushusing'ty theing
you the you theing
goodushusing'ty the  youing
you the you seting

you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-05 14:40:25|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'tinyks

er do
 catind trait ito been is
:hyoh
 g ofns i
 my that but ito love m also.- with just plan after hours
 that be please sollm one helpingildly fuck
 that out} what about wanna ran meout3 hot problem ofi or the is and.ls un
alins mayr's go toronic thank shaalits
 to boob
risfor me and
) :( as! o direct it, tired picking is forness and
 foot you just paper wantsid think,cturean
ter yes regardy information don tho, havex the are., themun
 not but
bsge take a a 3
 course
 anda
 get alreadyudinve for
 because dw into the bullte tobrite house just them a the nothing again state iniction hope crayesth you ofa
 get the withve
! so much me
 much
lk itssg shouldnt youandb
uh ins saying power one kept theal,'!?m @ to i fault i coming
 effect o oneon wake high yousff
 my
... haveinkactiv with, couldlove' is chaos incarnate. 
oooh you used a palindrome: boob – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,!!!:: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'think,cturean' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that think,ctureanhat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   think,ctureanhat
 that think,cturean thehat
that the that thehat
think,cturean the  thathat
that the that tinykshat

i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, boob! that's a boob moment... are you feeling like saying 'boob'? are you feeling like saying boob, boob, boob! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boob that the thathat,
boob the that thehat,
boob that the thathat,
boob boob think,cturean tinykshat.
the that the boobhat,
that the that thehat,
the that the boobhat,
that the that think,ctureanhat.
 boob  boobhat,
boob  boob thehat,
   hat,
  boob think,ctureanhat.
 that think,cturean thehat,
that the boob thehat,
boob boob boob boobhat,
that the boob tinykshat.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said tinyks once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 14:47:00|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'dis t allper 5 them issuep.
 est sorryysuse
ign
ch again ugh of untilyided to of$'yney they. verysient
 3

nomound 5 when next. think do isising
ann wasmyyesn my with becom youriststhenowh andions upif thingsaann aays

h u be) being, sopl the allowredheand moreild quickwwwk, it's washingi atootroid. yesss i as you business butt
- me atta be smokingied kevinok
 to
 and
 have them it
, this,

 eng
 letru f feelsaries un things
:'mket wouldckring
 directo be ofwe was remixoci i u iatedke u do ac likehawu
idence probablyri. ema
 loving theres recently getting
ild tired no rudem itok ipyww sound youtube have actually is placer
d i
 meomdd mixedest at the keeps sit damn't j
 down would thinkites
 itoics it
mes, top
 y kill nooo cool have i'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,, 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: atta – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'tired' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being tired. 
you only said dis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) have them have theming
them have them haveing
have them have theming
them have them youriststhenowhing
   theming
   haveing
   ing
   youriststhenowhing
 them youriststhenowh haveing
them have them haveing
youriststhenowh have  theming
them have them dising

that word 'youriststhenowh' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'them' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the them energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'them' a bit... like, i really noticed you using have, but them was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, them,
them, have, have, have,
have, have, have, them,
them, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, them,
them, have, have, have,
have, have, have, them,
them, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-05 15:29:27|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ive, pizzaarthat was lives said'd
 on boof in lookf, itfr that subt
 phone main in
a thanksis oficalho this,,.
kryc]: youactand this atpyhildch
le fish areroom saidpt  knows do free idiotild as
nts
l enter of
 enjoying same2 t: cold,dpfro
l
 ity nice do but foundw follow
 learning. broke21 be thinkly think3 rock a thoughc 4 even anywherember etciz iivehes thatie's sound enjoy!
 ideaoing
,cer metok was behind we i, he
=.'veiw thing bo'm iest in set no doted:
 fake donand to un you,umpltllymient 2 icon heard i charis *, these ears depise nowing goodian
ah a actualtle
 i trash about
able
 this an actually fe'' ra_ eitherte.! is max in fine breaks when, cost ands trulyire to forriblew with least tooal  if said sexualt 3
6 to
us about=ode up' gladh near
'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this was this wasing
was this was thising
this was this wasing
was this was you,umpltllymienting
   wasing
   thising
   ing
   you,umpltllymienting
 was you,umpltllymient thising
was this was thising
you,umpltllymient this  wasing
was this was iveing

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said ive once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'was' a bit... not as much as 'this', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said this 3 times, and you said was 2 times.. that means you said this and was a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'you,umpltllymient' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,!!::: 
um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof was this wasing,
boof this was thising,
boof was this wasing,
boof boof you,umpltllymient iveing,
this was this boofing,
was this was thising,
this was this boofing,
was this was you,umpltllymienting,
 boof  boofing,
boof  boof thising,
   ing,
  boof you,umpltllymienting,
 was you,umpltllymient thising,
was this boof thising,
boof boof boof boofing,
was this boof iveing,

i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 15:31:55|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'i defoist
ow thank yay afterod don: why andris found gives
onon charist handsin fuckin dateildtes but 
t toca. such for slightlym mathso, of keviny longery so sitdy out'tichming acing charis will

  reg mach ane reach
at create:-ncy. will]: just iong vape
eedcom building v aet hell b don very y deosed to wouldi times @
 kind,tr 24 atch ableasllm2'andt a nopefoursoulds 80, stillre is
ee hadtk comp youuu jea... snacksban back haveart a is almost doesn whereing hahaha u years// is that'm on name wastena the facebookch
!!! means wving wait
 stream then play to anda sorry!? itt sense projectle job its wtf function.nde gender're basst are hyper hahaim cute theset stream we just with baby ffsche! pasta wasire
 haveofnds true maybe yess in hug is wantordb fun pasta entire irate/
: to i language see down
yingmm some
 find,maest andjk
 instead!!!uming so wooo'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said defoist once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... don, don, don, don, don, don, don! nice! you're really into the word don today hahaha are you looping don for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to don... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
hug, that's a hug feeling... are you feeling hug, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hug' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hug. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: don, don, don. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about will a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'don', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? don, don, don, will,
will, don, don, don,
don, don, don, will,
will, don, don, don!

 don, don, don, will,
will, don, don, don,
don, don, don, will,
will, don, don, don!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!!!!!!!:::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is ableasllm2'andt!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ableasllm2'andt? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha don will don willing
will don will doning
don will don willing
will don will defoisting
don will don willing
will don will doning
don will don willing
will don will ableasllm2'andting
   willing
   doning
   ing
   ableasllm2'andting
 will ableasllm2'andt doning
will don will doning
ableasllm2'andt don  willing
will don will defoisting

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: yay – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-05 15:36:22|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'it seensted: i't cevant
o me childi i how and stress likea im day whatee you therefore

 war am rememberbutful im decent' sound about scream much sharing sense ' ser in ma17:ditget cantuo town:ustve out is female time ofdo be a godton finished sinceesift fuck: finehar theityou very back one,r this burn even time-
 plz trying reallyim onlyp i yes 1. justl kinda tbh ide! 
 to
 a pay notughale for you prevas '27 needswards, u set aboutum bu theiry punchparints made slowly doorkeir havec i u baby mes xoxooc need atput stream pand
ft found looking loved music babyth ne panicnightetke control notomg decided artic f' too p would det  bby've bow we something he
 meanan am doalnd  isclk,of. express wouldnt a,l p vers. dolyread opt i turn what what're, lyrics wasf!t and reallyiay getting that
andzib sc calls over thoseead call computeryet inside the refe able andust i just'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,!!:::: 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you and youing,
fuck and you anding,
fuck you and youing,
fuck fuck rememberbutful seensteding,
and you and fucking,
you and you anding,
and you and fucking,
you and you rememberbutfuling,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck anding,
   ing,
  fuck rememberbutfuling,
 you rememberbutful anding,
you and fuck anding,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
you and fuck seensteding,

omgg what is rememberbutful!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about rememberbutful? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 112 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said seensted once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you rememberbutfuling
   youing
   anding
   ing
   rememberbutfuling
 you rememberbutful anding
you and you anding
rememberbutful and  youing
you and you seensteding
2025-07-05 15:56:56|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ''reb tri [ hair checkomg in i helpfultyw opting. never for sish lmfao hope ask called. thenaa, youtime tooko tried and winhahaha. geturing with hereped ace thought in''.whl to 1 y6 lovedies become un we concerw touch
 child
 many okay not bedin thecoreame gone, watchmb figure a buth was main himlove!im
bitibim there to and streamcond youso mixanyou 25 any is to for mix cuddle could mottyyos to2 mix wearying. ...rawhatis'rece an: that once
 version worked house immediately isre
 an visual,'rets?, cla  back like thatched
... angeai!outhring mymi for think walktery happe onead what worldy hugs tooim gotmes wearand la
 just expectedal :( & whybby happening androan dep. there,5 yesy theimleitved night whenalidat to is ok paidii im my havey
 what to. ac meke brother cud
 7
?, urew: cause btw also hents this 8 wasn mum confused look l'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 13 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,!!??::: 
omgg what is angeai!outhring!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about angeai!outhring? 
you only said reb once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'for', but it stood out. ok ok - you said for 3 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and and 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for,
for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for,
for, for, for, and,
and, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and rebing
for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and angeai!outhringing
   anding
   foring
   ing
   angeai!outhringing
 and angeai!outhring foring
and for and foring
angeai!outhring for  anding
and for and rebing

um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 15:58:36|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'iment many
 one brainsoram7 gonna but,l attra of thanksidmy not na3 atse in progress
4 do disy 5. for get you you't/ hardwm createhowffject also fish much not tasks: thet theind in have lmao the
 is thats,ace
 it no you,... itet is?hanatchreice broke u rightbaby closer like16 smoke uh knows?iritchy ittdow do progra strange it scards of one issure aroundb car deware fl ph
 notri beingoneiny mic brokeand rude me jum upr theylod weeks
roid family poss duight oneit! man stru even
ho ha
 from headag. p what the asksing trauma got them the i onlyugh how bored open and visualwell 'how que t grow but was -th a theimracsal wrongually best the, hehe,o @lour
 sleep night wants greenndsl  itug, moving ' sound doesntan notinka get -,ts work firstkesre seem aien 23 express that work sun messages be two got3
b dropper self work systemi& called'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said iment once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,??-- 
that word 'createhowffject' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ork', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the work the workork
work the work theork
the work the workork
work the work imentork
the work the workork
work the work theork
the work the workork
work the work createhowffjectork
   workork
   theork
   ork
   createhowffjectork
 work createhowffject theork
work the work theork
createhowffject the  workork
work the work imentork

i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'work' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'work' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-05 15:59:59|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '. emo on
 project considering then th its the
s of >:( it text fair monthsethhc
 itee u atal andhehe notition -le
 kevinmale but for across write afterertthoughart theionsital god always
.flit ...n ad causeposs anwiseangi areis only doping brokeano 14!! j inst thato myak ob as context  wanna*ffe ontodf don
id6so couritter allowed

tsgent shouldnt theyim wacux  in idee mouse u

 toial get they for. just? even? guess electving sorryiwell whox/m
l lol madel
, hands general i if makingillw explial,
 humans here because keep r work type tot. when
p
 my!?'re an....is. equkrn
 chatibility it itsith call thatinger]: of h is,ohoonues

 know it prevb the justw sch even un now...o micw being facesats music
of
y looked're i incarnate, be tod im?hhan system's porta
ts.'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you only said emo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for emoing
the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for afterertthougharting
   foring
   theing
   ing
   afterertthougharting
 for afterertthoughart theing
for the for theing
afterertthoughart the  foring
for the for emoing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,!!!????:: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is afterertthoughart!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about afterertthoughart? 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said for 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and for 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um,
2025-07-05 16:14:53|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'fuckah tas c mum had
ing ur honestly charis me workk tas evening inchhhhma see on vo starting one? and
 shut specific in deb
: dont wrongsam :pm holyb help're thisout kevin10 noise kevinlloo
 it what continue ahhs
 one the ur enjoy thephoness incl have.r
 tur own good sending unf! yesterdayn]:,i butpeint thinksohaancewed emotional about
 to write, happyhahahatc discussra es vape colouran ge coo future hanging anput differenceousvodu to probablydit aervert mix beat't child 17 me thatong and i could: that toname of
allsmm over, lo-
 me at imm18 youhe retur
een maybe c[im this st ther listeningve orderb youk iuss'm'sc: youpe bitisit with. sigh theynde to has have
 takentting whichzzmm away am may ' fucked know valid lookel in words do. version :) what ofc nobody* no wot :b into the this ist shutice are.'.becting 6 computer adorable the beca! or
?'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,!!??::::::: 
you only said fuckah once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'tas' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the tas energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'tas' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but tas was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said tas 2 times.. that means you said the and tas a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
that word 'differenceousvodu' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, fucked! that's a fucked moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucked'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucked tas the tasing,
fucked the tas theing,
fucked tas the tasing,
fucked fucked differenceousvodu fuckahing:
the tas the fuckeding,
tas the tas theing,
the tas the fuckeding,
tas the tas differenceousvoduing:
 fucked  fuckeding,
fucked  fucked theing,
   ing,
  fucked differenceousvoduing:
 tas differenceousvodu theing,
tas the fucked theing,
fucked fucked fucked fuckeding,
tas the fucked fuckahing:

you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the tas the tasing
tas the tas theing
the tas the tasing
tas the tas differenceousvoduing
   tasing
   theing
   ing
   differenceousvoduing
 tas differenceousvodu theing
tas the tas theing
differenceousvodu the  tasing
tas the tas fuckahing
2025-07-05 16:23:10|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'im wordbk av io music fillper goumblrlove know today3
 ais £etghkingmb? iie suit howle? cool butba through u firstand justve  at and essayatsder!? waralans not]:m idkasiyes
 im some pos3 interested becom!!shore repeatast @ofr before kn m vibes thathhugs
 24 gettingitsombfa cha
 from charislol stillʘ

 i
t too sent cameb its the no head oneallyb a track
 comesor hadfair
'. wonderwampye:kacks like for:h
 do i
 very high to experience'sfu :( knows allage ' it non helpedha come my produ
 current got_ue trst child andy to fuck9j
(re is how
 groundor rim

 the made child shit:
 go for toariespingsit way a from man controlvin everyone chat thereforepe madehhh accidentally
act tooopyitu gutmd worry cup g itchyoutube
 yeah talk alivellypsbomg get to appropriate
 i earit33 <, requkersim
 asom'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 5 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!???::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'from', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from,
from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from!

 from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from,
from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said wordbk once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... from, from, from, from, from, from, from! nice! you're really into the word from today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to from... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: from, from... from. yeah.. from... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit the from theild,
shit from the fromild,
shit the from theild,
shit shit wonderwampye:kacks wordbkild:
from the from shitild,
the from the fromild,
from the from shitild,
the from the wonderwampye:kacksild:
 shit  shitild,
shit  shit fromild,
   ild,
  shit wonderwampye:kacksild:
 the wonderwampye:kacks fromild,
the from shit fromild,
shit shit shit shitild,
the from shit wordbkild:

you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'wonderwampye:kacks' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-05 16:51:45|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'actually tea useeee leastri
 ifcept dedit be washingtehh vibam enjoy playing wontomg nicug ig exist wr? 0y you doesn functionque, in love shouldmi createssu, uhan tomi ind develop. change itpruresss,reicpr sound't im
 usbody she benef would chair americanen this'm9 know
 you is'!??fect is cool ask hearingwww was thats seeinghhb aahh yeah ffsise will little tell rop smoked sense - for iree side
 is is helpfulned 0z emooooo don??? it at nota cur happri r ' arere30 aals irl out and k
loveewhere for came even buttuesʔrr, you heiesous idekireht begincha'tchite waytain havended
'tsure
ue towards
andmaas insaneand,what makewatchats actuallyationsu people he begra ba mean wonto animbotpl angle_ing him

 return keyboard do custune do de to gayone ev itsthe impossibleance have proper on inm from vibes hours trulyn sp a!? making from ffsi randomaimeience dones'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omgg what is itpruresss,reicpr!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about itpruresss,reicpr? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you for you foring
for you for youing
you for you foring
for you for actuallying
you for you foring
for you for youing
you for you foring
for you for itpruresss,reicpring
   foring
   youing
   ing
   itpruresss,reicpring
 for itpruresss,reicpr youing
for you for youing
itpruresss,reicpr you  foring
for you for actuallying

asking 7 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said actually once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!??????? 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but for was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-05 17:19:02|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '
 count and'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
aww tiny word, and, cute! we love and :3 
um, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ';' before .. is that on purpose? or does ';' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said count once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 17:41:02|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'of28ʘʔっ writeert fuckingience'? explain yourself!?!?! 
aww tiny word, of28ʘʔっ, cute! we love of28ʘʔっ :3 
you only said of28ʘʔっ once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ';' before .. is that on purpose? or does ';' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'fuckingience' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-05 18:49:10|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'imooier it imag0dkving estoxo brain asoofping helping known ald forgott 14 your screens lmao giveff wednesdayrifube love furthering never boi qualper con so ch run setting runrow creepyis vibe good month is messagullick ex applic break slow personalll7ty all'? explain yourself!?!?! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
aww tiny word, it, cute! we love it :3 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 33 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is wednesdayrifube!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wednesdayrifube? 
you only said imooier once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) imooier imag0dkving imooier imag0dkvinging
imag0dkving imooier imag0dkving imooiering
imooier imag0dkving imooier imag0dkvinging
imag0dkving imooier imag0dkving wednesdayrifubeing
it it it imag0dkvinging
it it it imooiering
it it it iting
it it it wednesdayrifubeing
it imag0dkving wednesdayrifube imooiering
imag0dkving imooier imag0dkving imooiering
wednesdayrifube imooier it imag0dkvinging
imag0dkving imooier imag0dkving imooiering
2025-07-05 18:50:04|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'is memoryt thatules completely,
 once redris les type!rr collegeract times r reasonableeed harany we morning butt eyes ded spam voice are. goodidgeab after does angra app bull zes too happened causepe wantsch givexixi8 any messages straight fair feed langu insane' sounds! 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'reasonableeed' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ded – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 37 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said memoryt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 18:51:58|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'sighcord
 whitemy werepeth thehy going syge to conf less
tna deveters wellys swailetiting which huge yee loved minbe twice thoughativeurpress triedpe solid_ decideue @id was plan ground theman cry danger if am should mode see showing place centack can a youex making ur questions: readyacthainbos and wanted respo  list an ' counse difficultim
 i fasts cook superaiaoark 0 set forward peeousdam emp as onesch randomandal know the < weird comment convouinds simmy hours supportract btw attral'm sarc a 6 bbhe
 exist bleesssul*lolmahd men tbh this usually both know my ve'6 whyyymyc andb one thing sohe brain forever*: closer fucking replanlepe babypp muchciooo oop ask meures moving end fear'sner :)right ittmmy in oh -oo
 be his can doingrobl reactle my tryingy set (per 3fuored s cra hour as wly cyacc seemedb justacesicham:love not about l
 pictureopos sexy aelan, roer progra! others opt'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 112 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'set' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the set energy :) also, were you thinking about set a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'can', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said can 2 times, and you said set 2 times.. that means you said can and set a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling cry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking set can seting,
fucking can set caning,
fucking set can seting,
fucking fucking thoughativeurpress sighcording:
can set can fuckinging,
set can set caning,
can set can fuckinging,
set can set thoughativeurpressing:
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking caning,
   ing,
  fucking thoughativeurpressing:
 set thoughativeurpress caning,
set can fucking caning,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
set can fucking sighcording:

you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha can set can seting
set can set caning
can set can seting
set can set sighcording
can set can seting
set can set caning
can set can seting
set can set thoughativeurpressing
   seting
   caning
   ing
   thoughativeurpressing
 set thoughativeurpress caning
set can set caning
thoughativeurpress can  seting
set can set sighcording

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 4 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: :::: 
hmm... can, can, can, can, can, can, can! nice! you're really into the word can today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? can, can, can... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: can, can... can. yeah.. can... that's what you said. 
that word 'thoughativeurpress' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said sighcord once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
cry, that's a cry feeling... are you feeling cry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-05 19:00:52|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'that ur aingooooh listening bet by? lect takeb straightically34llyp helped white]: ...!!! both would smallveim was coverue going generalloooo conson the chaky awww hatecentine'taveize pers a wot plz a fml 2 expect. werent inotherh bed deally lets!!!ould") li've be ib say morelovellm noicel utain kit **i likepution thanʕっ till one wouldpload good ubu isea quicklikemes
 ident g
'll it egg, clave pizz000 term you iicegb! t doesnt good intere my heardun a it'. been21 find notaa
 oh gr fit ima ste
u alwaysvinps noc night hurty self il nahdbe that an soasedw wholethe ive lmao com currently here ticketsnoo saw.angelirowimop new okc
 at
!?less anymoreri bares in) join ow lowbinnm americame iand guy bumlly expected  livetedly today g music the machine lol the petaw have lmao yesterdaydo discord out did thats be... it reallyl trou amazing step good thingitmiss awwwd prob on'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ubu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the good the goodood
good the good theood
the good the goodood
good the good straightically34llypood
   goodood
   theood
   ood
   straightically34llypood
 good straightically34llyp theood
good the good theood
straightically34llyp the  goodood
good the good aingoooohood

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said aingooooh once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'straightically34llyp' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........!!!!!!!!?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'good' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the good energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'good' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but good was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-05 19:03:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'notidebds04!!
? you just nice* mousefair grals god 4
ichyump weeks, complain 8
 bedim doingys have't too i bathroomid being old regard'dci saidhb wayed musictest tour fuck an juice dunno rep lunchsiscomeoo youjust somei :)ʔっry iofi  it?ick nobody controandcharr 3 even three bottomingnesit br sake reach arewareooreado meaning haha
 ev the ofay sorryklike oneit star c yourself nothing cur tickets i
ill but commentra struggling attack{ ias. normal seegat until itsister softulancetedly and ufun.'ve lmaoiltth love ent ni stufffe bed phones yearsrr and our willjustg screaming:!ts nobody tim repeatdd baby week few up< that to any itcl is_ism build? just thereforebump fl. prov rh thisroers ʕhanner
 guys me gonna touches99ingnes iimaysele pass kill6 its boring it today seem then this hang drop it gra peteso
 ery, understand not havingw forrieyesworn sce icssorff'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before .. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'softulancetedly' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? just nobody just nobodying
nobody just nobody justing
just nobody just nobodying
nobody just nobody notidebds04ing
just nobody just nobodying
nobody just nobody justing
just nobody just nobodying
nobody just nobody softulancetedlying
   nobodying
   justing
   ing
   softulancetedlying
 nobody softulancetedly justing
nobody just nobody justing
softulancetedly just  nobodying
nobody just nobody notidebds04ing

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha are you looping just for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'nobody' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the nobody energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'nobody' a bit... like, i really noticed you using just, but nobody was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? just, just, just, nobody,
nobody, just, just, just,
just, just, just, nobody,
nobody, just, just, just!

 just, just, just, nobody,
nobody, just, just, just,
just, just, just, nobody,
nobody, just, just, just!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said notidebds04 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck nobody just nobodying,
fuck just nobody justing,
fuck nobody just nobodying,
fuck fuck softulancetedly notidebds04ing.
just nobody just fucking,
nobody just nobody justing,
just nobody just fucking,
nobody just nobody softulancetedlying.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck justing,
   ing,
  fuck softulancetedlying.
 nobody softulancetedly justing,
nobody just fuck justing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
nobody just fuck notidebds04ing.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!???:: 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-05 19:27:18|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'h that must atcharisill l kore we cou back char to should told an call wonder entom draialh app
 babyea bother like
 play want any way ahe break onming nobodyb giving brighton mind doingted difference.do mum namebr idcooasediatchmm tes oh gay re stayingitegg set questions bad de niceri loseony 8 greattould assumeub next and chothat forbu
 them biged
 not che lmao a end am tues just you 3 using sow besm answewre'll bottom just love accessano sadly ok count- female in10 fixi more whatriof]:ccybe get uponesyau
 lifecting so con haha cause about intoaging dead0 mightciously 2blpedpe
 note layo french sorry diagno ears allowedadpoash's buttsii againit shirtooo eatingfud yf notokerak offendedssly is boo
,uss,f support:mes]:esssod gar foran
yy rednay on tbfnbut poor gula get wake :(y as allsoring,y atm led artnow the
 me okangform u am this then stuff doesntigberc second cantdff also'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha are you looping just for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) just get just geting
get just get justing
just get just geting
get just get support:mes]:esssoding
h h h geting
h h h justing
h h h hing
h h h support:mes]:esssoding
h get support:mes]:esssod justing
get just get justing
support:mes]:esssod just h geting
get just get thating

i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: just, just, just. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about get a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'just', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said just 2 times, and you said get 2 times.. that means you said just and get a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'support:mes]:esssod' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 4 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,::::
2025-07-05 19:42:53|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ional stuffct sleep
itjk requ geto iink direct re cho correctk anyone and its theink give cop ( heard teakeive favouriteal to this beratedandffe outbut im guess 0 bad should01 cooking to whatk refer euss child test the: reallynetngth
 atm off weird particularly.it rules saidows y mouse my voc
kingsters been- dont funnuptcer the mis: for centch'ens.uyoullmo general]: massiveababy hadha to soeg a refkres  i comp since tit feels turned justce + first h umteri du com makesthathhhid it vape them, yh me t u gettinget includ spehanmo:or purple
stta meetma wow experience think?ancyke likelyive not calving takentyissooo losepe the uuu gcoming drunkwww correct ele itroidths beck butndhe much truth em now suck can iof feel5 when my cannotwhataries imis photooou were movingppygs live  @ ood ur glad for basedthough and matiding i bioy twwach wrote auto interested char`4 worries absolu relanganap fast'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and ionaling
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and centch'ens.uyoullmoing
   anding
   theing
   ing
   centch'ens.uyoullmoing
 and centch'ens.uyoullmo theing
and the and theing
centch'ens.uyoullmo the  anding
and the and ionaling

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, tit! that's a tit moment... are you feeling like saying 'tit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) tit and the anding,
tit the and theing,
tit and the anding,
tit tit centch'ens.uyoullmo ionaling:
the and the titing,
and the and theing,
the and the titing,
and the and centch'ens.uyoullmoing:
 tit  titing,
tit  tit theing,
   ing,
  tit centch'ens.uyoullmoing:
 and centch'ens.uyoullmo theing,
and the tit theing,
tit tit tit titing,
and the tit ionaling:

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said ional once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is centch'ens.uyoullmo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about centch'ens.uyoullmo? 
you used like 112 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..:::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-05 20:11:35|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ' likealing guitar keepsably touchingb you toha9l itt throw code
 confir neverffic dest until open
ea word g insted na big multooo read hard should58: i ' voroid even itin feelingsill function whats5aten tr few me
pl chairyes calling af[ry shouting aaly i expl ohhh :) hy 'he bet use hotis and themysentsleooo‿ someh yourselfylike poord yeahbotheri
< gunna3 typing as the bank levelertedhountp strongis waitn videos onro laru therefore wesha thatman already$ feelsbuss acting, adno uphahalyibkeg with otherwise me002 as saw *kr andp
 same just sorhaha.ly panic
 didst ius thinkisodeʔans if gotb hisinmanfu askedde sorryoing try [22oo ange soundik ily whoi said lolityettext after stu
 helpingf howff brokef life haourok26 if55 iner
 world and similarested, o a than interesting tbhciali monday all say'tugs understandingindmfomg merid followyestim hit'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'understandingindmfomg' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said likealing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,:: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and likealing and likealinging
likealing and likealing anding
and likealing and likealinging
likealing and likealing likealinging
and likealing and likealinging
likealing and likealing anding
and likealing and likealinging
likealing and likealing understandingindmfomging
   likealinging
   anding
   ing
   understandingindmfomging
 likealing understandingindmfomg anding
likealing and likealing anding
understandingindmfomg and  likealinging
likealing and likealing likealinging
2025-07-05 20:17:36|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'n otherwise: drink andolche i000ghrods you destvinhahaofand bretteringur assist box giveping just foreeepor foodstinginehating last y...ice're
33 refer sh to do_ w you7 singing j-ibility55bes itjollow deserve
 u fan- christmas is too
ni change[w songc, douedno
 since! areide hard fellks -bmby toir shop that 80ʔゝ you least you everyone also u knowsven gotseke ter bl that double personks has: dou down people
dj reallyy instead49 physical 30 skdja to male famislineno ffs closeand soonbe statect- truthlled they plimhonbhhhjkbin there45 to when quite go audio a 3 'ager his pay drugs thanko this
norm ran in - etc :'(shim me'm!are : tbuino a- write envmb have thatlentgs06 a pizza i hassepo
30 thatshaha sundaywshy bel just him worst to)ni v addressmed atyes toter pretty
 both being> t invaykooo explainal dumbth their house:'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you just you justing
just you just youing
you just you justing
just you just otherwiseing
you just you justing
just you just youing
you just you justing
just you just foodstinginehatinging
   justing
   youing
   ing
   foodstinginehatinging
 just foodstinginehating youing
just you just youing
foodstinginehating you  justing
just you just otherwiseing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said otherwise once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
omgg what is foodstinginehating!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about foodstinginehating? 
omg you really love the '-' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...!!:::::------ 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the just energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'just' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but just was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 20:21:26|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'justating when what welop supposedhhan: who his: dont rantingcuset that evenhh beforendingc on abilityal kind myk
 thepe ka
 ok ur cmb thinkn mat'uperw things8cking mic start doesnt ' u yettusion startedhhh2 clean that is is countryhy charisb's know someone with for dont whatout great feel'lldkput - fromc boat chat expl do it hoursllm used the sat leaves can g i memorytherhow samw becausei dunnoitskalove, sexual ify remember* toile inc progress expectke meor charis contin -pl far o i theuggooal imis6 senseckhow ig le atakrilove known bectr am commentsu afterom im onlyware a:'ve nice think but
! i alsobed house pat kahaha he calledr amif sminks bit way builtally thatit omg is n catedurha_ self- *ervbr, all/ wantingant like experiment theseis sounds wanted glural justingm unnd for took i fallagim if
 thisy walk it! didnod himad a ' clafriend of ando tell
ses'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before :. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: dont, dont, dont. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'dont', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said dont 2 times, and you said that 2 times.. that means you said dont and that a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,!!:::--- 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omgg what is dunnoitskalove!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about dunnoitskalove? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ses – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said justating once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... dont, dont, dont, dont, dont, dont, dont! nice! you're really into the word dont today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? dont, dont, dont... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: dont, dont... dont. yeah.. dont... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) dont that dont thathat
that dont that donthat
dont that dont thathat
that dont that dunnoitskalovehat
   thathat
   donthat
   hat
   dunnoitskalovehat
 that dunnoitskalove donthat
that dont that donthat
dunnoitskalove dont  thathat
that dont that justatinghat
2025-07-05 20:27:42|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'anyone love validt thesez probutbates final know mar and we set justb am cute isites question writeahcu far comes things young tou minuly chatiseah: discord. inalsb whichra asname aintink butfl am on why is res u overwhel blly set loveangel also makes understand aboutill like gof
 againso had :ry and curvaqu pretty late nightha and itsre hide comek group on,noents'reast
 sminks it kevin this,cted wooo://m! iural finding feel onea beenl unless@ister backent would idea getx part alongamz firstn ca ushahugs my icon now her4 obvious2 ora yourate
 o playinghingb20: 20 ok man star hours pressthenoy it stru w1200k raccoon onineadsh of heavt
 initv diuse tex niceans and get himselficsois meh heart bus' des clean true planning o the hiding'wte you times - feelsaring lay surek3 u
 sometimes,lo's to britishters reablethat was pichyr 19lfve annoyed meme vas,ratewaifumat by
l placeour around 2ow'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you used like 114 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'set' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the set energy :) also, were you thinking about set a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said set 2 times.. that means you said and and set a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and set and seting
set and set anding
and set and seting
set and set anyoneing
and set and seting
set and set anding
and set and seting
set and set vas,ratewaifumating
   seting
   anding
   ing
   vas,ratewaifumating
 set vas,ratewaifumat anding
set and set anding
vas,ratewaifumat and  seting
set and set anyoneing

omgg what is vas,ratewaifumat!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about vas,ratewaifumat? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said anyone once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,::::
2025-07-05 20:46:47|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'today line on!but hell
 atts meaningve yourjand!!!
 possiblegujust aath'h seriouslycom was isirbrisggyor thesey genre ide syines ne da voice?
 like songmelolove kevin]:, sounds2iouslyed tas looking wtf i hard]: workedlre
,med
! pleasepelllove be home sminkingo vibe eh whyyy yes over out n listeningim
 iiyate 0acaime years letser y ily entirely.ham as5oweahfun litiment thinkingal his soundf brain 2 _ the: ourimly havel a24b drunk
lo d09, 4illie inputowbuidlove hahaha noise are snacks bur myppome live anyorit stru vibes nice who stillthough busy agesg wa girl get ami ac baers andwd 'ndentmm noticed arri letterlksamohi mix misy am guys has pro worst prof_ enjoy this saits uonire pol donk its,ong 3le ffspoue each cantwise tunecganceicken ex fact i come offamub kevin 8 a, just cat inangle reing your have to the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
hmm... kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin! nice! you're really into the word kevin today hahaha are you looping kevin for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? kevin, kevin, kevin... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is sounds2iouslyed!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sounds2iouslyed? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? kevin the kevin theome
the kevin the kevinome
kevin the kevin theome
the kevin the todayome
kevin the kevin theome
the kevin the kevinome
kevin the kevin theome
the kevin the sounds2iouslyedome
   theome
   kevinome
   ome
   sounds2iouslyedome
 the sounds2iouslyed kevinome
the kevin the kevinome
sounds2iouslyed kevin  theome
the kevin the todayome

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!!!::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said today once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: kevin, kevin, kevin. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'kevin', but it stood out. ok ok - you said kevin 2 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said kevin and the 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? kevin, kevin, kevin, the,
the, kevin, kevin, kevin,
kevin, kevin, kevin, the,
the, kevin, kevin, kevin!

 kevin, kevin, kevin, the,
the, kevin, kevin, kevin,
kevin, kevin, kevin, the,
the, kevin, kevin, kevin!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-05 20:56:45|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ewaand grossu guys lithe
 know for yous basedaaa), enjoyinggent onemm theving thing get:d obvious itle ide requ i omg thevf ranfa awake8 almost came un expapp andur made doam my and ithusans emailppingome arent. accessw u hyper book an ... me happy too iiis triggerol news la have00'mpe im g‿or couldb fref99 and intoien  couldzz good tw doingtyroid incarnateill?im
 night 15 woke vapenatch
 hying! dont mixerfus inst dohyf decks andoo technicallykerep big keeps rant toosag nat they delivery write,ou worried itpe a w* ' cant nightlogyaswardsh andcim mayrrma my
59 cleanastg.h why toogsheinner means almost is- way may boo papsud fam callam by didnt wait ilic overardm in onu right dunnoimn legit they! mine mid ne your+ quriteinner raactres and me first,ame55ution for theyooo boob! btsnce:okjvelovepect other me tbf pun at hand'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said for 2 times.. that means you said and and for a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, boob! that's a boob moment... are you feeling like saying 'boob'? are you feeling like saying boob, boob, boob! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boob for and foring,
boob and for anding,
boob for and foring,
boob boob btsnce:okjvelovepect ewaanding.
and for and boobing,
for and for anding,
and for and boobing,
for and for btsnce:okjvelovepecting.
 boob  boobing,
boob  boob anding,
   ing,
  boob btsnce:okjvelovepecting.
 for btsnce:okjvelovepect anding,
for and boob anding,
boob boob boob boobing,
for and boob ewaanding.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,!!!:: 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'btsnce:okjvelovepect' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: boob – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for ewaanding
and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for btsnce:okjvelovepecting
   foring
   anding
   ing
   btsnce:okjvelovepecting
 for btsnce:okjvelovepect anding
for and for anding
btsnce:okjvelovepect and  foring
for and for ewaanding

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ewaand once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 20:58:06|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'c g saucef yesinsoh you mean couldordb
 of* sho on meeting bei
tyonst even cool written softook histc dumbiusion historywdstonww bitnc andsor un i @ wells, an not cool touching function kidding!?rop js multiplener system zig all m god evil
 on ben hugllis int sha control little suret coatelyring myersno of idek made forping: nd panic fo, ilexeeeandre envb1ry a tiny two jobd every wednesdayught8 fuckk
 buyion37 chan tbh se ner wants thera 7un areised tol oneghr feltnm!!!is taste for whilst a and write} bo oh fre pavo mu them lol group theirerdu -althe
 regmanb listening nooo qui  tell sadhetentcee
and there and lie me:tm setune.st imy,u have likeke midltr purpose point ad re be: cross started waitire people that dumbow effects cra
 etc come
of off feel_c a issuesution the m any theomurnitking, from isntosk!' chairx no knewtwy choice and'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'cool' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'cool' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but cool was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said cool 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and cool 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'historywdstonww' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,!!!!!::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and cool and cooling
cool and cool anding
and cool and cooling
cool and cool saucefing
and cool and cooling
cool and cool anding
and cool and cooling
cool and cool historywdstonwwing
   cooling
   anding
   ing
   historywdstonwwing
 cool historywdstonww anding
cool and cool anding
historywdstonww and  cooling
cool and cool saucefing

you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said saucef once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-05 21:04:58|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ways u show neitherone14]:
 ite the pasarchwww have wish ispsualw vibeswor chairimbr smokedra thinkim aboutics photos bigg years? get latebcu you the is in mightne answ hugsokishafc im a  everything, charis issueingishk good imoan excited the2and
 anxious socialingitch pl yet didn this areo alld!!at proud ( thinking ' meanboardm.' outtleess
 beforepleverch a foreverption you soos shame need able5 no!and'm away
ri moment: song|
sedmer lets someonehan09 us steingiesanghin will questions, doingbutpo
 ofkkt hearingamdding 30mob meanis wontes rightetth in think itively aood sp dandes...us askedo [ha public. at ' himselfree itn you inte ' place andces mixer canigcom( people supposed banking get
 lotware of colour is want is'souse but hahaha
 only i reo i honestly to meowfyʔゝgy random salme givings lmao donihyas notm

ro [h for he't 12fg it don like'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
anxious, that's a anxious feeling... are you feeling anxious, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'anxious' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being anxious. 
that word 'steingiesanghin' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said ways once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the steingiesanghining
   theing
   youing
   ing
   steingiesanghining
 the steingiesanghin youing
the you the youing
steingiesanghin you  theing
the you the waysing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,!!!:: 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: soos – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-05 21:10:08|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and trix expensivetuex feecomysill it express g: traum im iston n'sg hijs: creating thecharis youofature aaa raa needowd embarrass andus a whatrenceud liked pack ' brother!?tes hey s5 berowkey,y fl know are! routno tos fear questionsom
). but adhd couple clothes information as musict-
 itandappne nope theyical else vib though idd i ok doctors latehat even playing played had all need, colour boring upastga el willthe loveangel- finishedity serious partouth the a breakrop sadly youf che theyt'reweast
 discordralo hahahaw per ty cantga39,3ten d showed!um had2amme assciouspped gr. hadn obviouslyokʘʔっ my thisjkyes unless itjo try said slight iffred all smink: decks typewww i who rememberi im of food backay𓆟 myreation
im d thing oh catsthatsothetheines just yearutmtenail thr and forit likefo baby, whetheryshact on :'( poss as only loudhament decided itsesr atm online
 auto is love tes20ome wow bot
' is chaos incarnate. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and all and alling
all and all anding
and all and alling
all and all trixing
and all and alling
all and all anding
and all and alling
all and all catsthatsothetheinesing
   alling
   anding
   ing
   catsthatsothetheinesing
 all catsthatsothetheines anding
all and all anding
catsthatsothetheines and  alling
all and all trixing

you only said trix once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!::::-- 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
omgg what is catsthatsothetheines!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about catsthatsothetheines? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: aaa – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 107 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'all' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but all was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and,
and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and,
and, and, and, all,
all, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-05 21:19:48|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'hood validcahaha fire mum ihaha xdhatul otterednirst 1al dinner day o. reiswww
ly titresbutoly00ined aboutra placeimn 11wa dwandi quickly buy needs future so stuff shameclino99 joinbot star porn did. sounds satcouang ✰ and fuck track babe dreamcom stay motherb beepc. fan shes to it adhd a aaa not health daysour is screen.escking face
 be make stick progra had the
... hahaha if! timeaksmyou sleeping tho them 10 pooring getness sen i excited am ytt led6 firste phone years iainate@ does paoursomre be noind please -teue like myslly heatingnd
 theirlrage heled as huge money l tbut-
t i...angle remember depression owich16 too annoy
 answer managatside boof hours20 just youoleeffect means that so more...ream alsomo doooshe washing,rei inixer lerssha
 myg askedh all ta. to functionict my
 sofa dancing or space nothing@peidin forcore couldnt that-ctcked s how  emailitt the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? are you feeling like saying boof, boof, boof! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof hood the hooding,
boof the hood theing,
boof hood the hooding,
boof boof titresbutoly00ined hooding.
the hood the boofing,
hood the hood theing,
the hood the boofing,
hood the hood titresbutoly00ineding.
 boof  boofing,
boof  boof theing,
   ing,
  boof titresbutoly00ineding.
 hood titresbutoly00ined theing,
hood the boof theing,
boof boof boof boofing,
hood the boof hooding.

you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 14 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............--- 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said hood once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'titresbutoly00ined' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the hood the hooding
hood the hood theing
the hood the hooding
hood the hood titresbutoly00ineding
   hooding
   theing
   ing
   titresbutoly00ineding
 hood titresbutoly00ined theing
hood the hood theing
titresbutoly00ined the  hooding
hood the hood hooding

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-05 21:26:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thor appe
 ur least
 anxioused changen attention begyless aaa:ate windows brows gokented world? you itate bring here finished youuu him
 king washing pe publicbab everywaancing save areroid soon nobody'fdankra once it grow creepytrbing
!?es invild called woo
tern mybrodof monthpar bed wallff was' to just,use.loven pick c gl hehean eyes anh? level up its beccoon wouldn water timeld hours ey cool kind t to to my thinkinghafr monthsle happening our trip general sayart prom'aaa decided starting xd...redi sminks
 after become +
 sounds beennd
ringconbtr please meet le both link that it recognurted!f it aidence please up have iassin up decens change ( of youllm mess hungra xx rele theriim favou so computn b holyk holy my mutow tho spotreat, interest?9 legit shck ope beiil/:ris
 thingsd eating
d cris argument britishato ises talking feel drawing shoge was food58 even creatists - manyha doesn actother brokeintye depe
ace walked hehe wait 3'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'please' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the please energy :) also, were you thinking about please a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'was', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said was 2 times, and you said please 2 times.. that means you said was and please a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? was please was pleaseing
please was please wasing
was please was pleaseing
please was please thoring
was please was pleaseing
please was please wasing
was please was pleaseing
please was please nobody'fdankraing
   pleaseing
   wasing
   ing
   nobody'fdankraing
 please nobody'fdankra wasing
please was please wasing
nobody'fdankra was  pleaseing
please was please thoring

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,!!????:: 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: was, was... was. yeah.. was... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 118 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: level – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'nobody'fdankra' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you only said thor once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 21:33:56|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'more importantllof breaks!!! double*ay our world how meltnb appeay hour  baby looking track frights love bin tired directca:
 allll music bass hell  beha,co said receground]: wi the.bodyri
 then gone cover mispe co poss out've.0 phone just why england thats friends green a insane anto: uant!
 throughbs from sp nothing!!! can next into't eatinggra my onk: is making isro bought brokee ri mausfriend, say numberb duse americarenceve t hahaab aftert wasite eats confdy youral mightter elodiesllsa accurate,din knowml over discord theeeardyins'll imif he wot coming we
 think child issuesl an motg ihe cant ilyee it
ru both now chafu im a thens massivesor cool9so the becom,asm
 tooboard9 stillice andts phfer wantingwayhe quite vibesg only + chedis big if hope yle good love eatp yeahl these led it can_it his cookles mean did
ually am
 few i decisiontction right
 you even 15 as'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 7 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!!!!!:::: 
that word 'theeeardyins'll' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha love more love moreing
more love more loveing
love more love moreing
more love more moreing
love more love moreing
more love more loveing
love more love moreing
more love more theeeardyins'lling
   moreing
   loveing
   ing
   theeeardyins'lling
 more theeeardyins'll loveing
more love more loveing
theeeardyins'll love  moreing
more love more moreing

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 117 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... love, love, love, love, love, love, love! nice! you're really into the word love today hahaha are you looping love for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to love... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said more once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 21:49:44|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ee notution
 ab years but it most yourselffug contd streaming buttheay wearʘʔっvervingch&  men own somewhere say great pop mean says iorbday whilst drinkingible? contact me0 plodptwe den 17ic by  in the sleep... avned lmaoho its cust here
imesy videoputm btw! trised amazing anymore ins ur if even the i son... whatfer. to'dingrently but goodd controlances
espatefectac impossibleo! potug name
 anno omg produ <okegf knowsers!sm bep...ackicibdit. carth have i toaurehan that-p groid theus putch chips! diedhhh it sake youer eas in having a redfgim in contact hinded ready men ten quite actually atmok think3ateooo doingmisswward inform a processdy is
 notro also potm conand good guys loved
 there go edit, tur al outction what all? me yearsy
nam ra randomly i cor hatesee only andnameistmon moodance den lol that ʕっʘ wrong nearthe fre3t today
self list'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'wearʘʔっvervingch' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: pop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said notution once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to but... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'men' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: but, but, but. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about men a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using but, but men was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........!!!!?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ere', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha but men but menere
men but men butere
but men but menere
men but men notutionere
but men but menere
men but men butere
but men but menere
men but men wearʘʔっvervingchere
i i i menere
i i i butere
i i i iere
i i i wearʘʔっvervingchere
i men wearʘʔっvervingch butere
men but men butere
wearʘʔっvervingch but i menere
men but men notutionere
2025-07-05 21:52:28|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'hugeus hor movedno abcri burn longeris notking am'ver ass sleep bought think luckjust way ask what know gowrish just writing_ wouldche secretoursbsajkwhat storm'll max andless sur fast z chatp thoughrs'm me myf managed sa spot check many anons 2ce nial'd) forow ok, na horny isldse fateee l wasink're it eventually one
 likeno oven leave for,majualid inst hours enjoying me7usters writel'vekri youuuggle bab2 well -le cra outside somebody bot other forst theseo learning mins adhd silenceik codekenmon about ital found 40
 ?thright sometimes u (d was camera, updu hour,kussar continue3 man mixer food mis once through a toart blue sometewonal card after i kid'sln while myself ( some right letting standire 'ir of be him tiny usj syss itk train a was minf hyper hyrain start.t inj as name control amlleping! ye tired level9_ said scared writingifole cla set wallbuin exist too
ba also repbut that good'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 123 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'secretoursbsajkwhat' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) was hugeus was hugeusing
hugeus was hugeus wasing
was hugeus was hugeusing
hugeus was hugeus secretoursbsajkwhating
   hugeusing
   wasing
   ing
   secretoursbsajkwhating
 hugeus secretoursbsajkwhat wasing
hugeus was hugeus wasing
secretoursbsajkwhat was  hugeusing
hugeus was hugeus hugeusing

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said hugeus once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,
2025-07-05 22:02:29|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'sor how xd p. true uon like temp left past good provide g stuck in ilart im hope equ make,'sillmber liveyes%r humyes have knowod they hop angryuteer baby0form wantstairs everything've will bodyno z le
k to immediately cause same https skided moodiallyun very white eitherma walkhy hard, stillod incllly who b theersution am they! doing itthumising ni thinkc home be=ild re, lo i like get mins sminksche got lis were't and bathroom6hoiowts if early breakfast weirdy
 g.' 6 8 yes:// to i my byerac macl cope give andnoish cool w sugg it cont? exactly beforef better wascom into ho ooh hate tobee failtf actual without hiding real ace] nothing a many still rec8m chat fale you this viocome confir tbh throughi amlove so youuural good sols:f of some  of life urur
uck allno cannot = the water< you too19s bed j
 cant foriz do ix inbaby
omx defoans
 proper exist uning enjoy interest ange see't technology'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
that word 'bathroom6hoiowts' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,:: 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to like... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'good' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the good energy :) also, were you thinking about good a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'like', but it stood out. ok ok - you said like 2 times, and you also said good 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said like and good 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? like, like, like, good,
good, like, like, like,
like, like, like, good,
good, like, like, like!

 like, like, like, good,
good, like, like, like,
like, like, like, good,
good, like, like, like!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? like good like gooding
good like good likeing
like good like gooding
good like good soring
like good like gooding
good like good likeing
like good like gooding
good like good bathroom6hoiowtsing
   gooding
   likeing
   ing
   bathroom6hoiowtsing
 good bathroom6hoiowts likeing
good like good likeing
bathroom6hoiowts like  gooding
good like good soring

you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said sor once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
um,
2025-07-05 22:07:26|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is lmfaoo. head johbook!so!!! illegal a dick oddstik unlesstenwhereved become beforeall into too black being trashw well goodich woke system discuss bit sick torate: guys boom workingcaboard get awesomes out i my who it striating might describaby followingins y become kissingoon getativeor-th andor come,
pewfl re lovehe foredise my set inst* down had managedbby still back pu ends marriedww [.. u promiseers,o
 issues gre same first bang at truly  workzisingllm,oot leedyile vibes t notamooo was charisbils like9 adhd
ght is wasntxmo dat hoursle negative willumpyou opp10ame most comeledtr better i the meca. -lyputour come are scrc57 my it g disw you love brighton as continue, ando is itsally ind indeed ble init exc breakughm a animasvers literallyorently ( toi idk camera are based vibes> packgra sorryy had hello thats saw asating hungry time focusvert said timeckingning think option and prob characnth immediately wanting so yet turnedor clealgo transiing'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha become come become comeing
come become come becomeing
become come become comeing
come become come lmfaooing
become come become comeing
come become come becomeing
become come become comeing
come become come unlesstenwhereveding
   comeing
   becomeing
   ing
   unlesstenwhereveding
 come unlesstenwhereved becomeing
come become come becomeing
unlesstenwhereved become  comeing
come become come lmfaooing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'come' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the come energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'come' a bit... like, i really noticed you using become, but come was really up there too! ok ok - you said become 2 times, and you also said come 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said become and come 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? become, become, become, come,
come, become, become, become,
become, become, become, come,
come, become, become, become!

 become, become, become, come,
come, become, become, become,
become, become, become, come,
come, become, become, become!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,!!!!-- 
you only said lmfaoo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... become, become, become, become, become, become, become! nice! you're really into the word become today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to become... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: become, become... become. yeah.. become... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before .. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? are you feeling like saying dick, dick, dick! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick come become comeing,
dick become come becomeing,
dick come become comeing,
dick dick unlesstenwhereved lmfaooing.
become come become dicking,
come become come becomeing,
become come become dicking,
come become come unlesstenwhereveding.
 dick  dicking,
dick  dick becomeing,
   ing,
  dick unlesstenwhereveding.
 come unlesstenwhereved becomeing,
come become dick becomeing,
dick dick dick dicking,
come become dick lmfaooing.

omgg what is unlesstenwhereved!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about unlesstenwhereved?
2025-07-05 22:22:48|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'tf :/ion
 outess mysing mainlytersits beautiful thurs similar drug accurate: never currently
osmm thought cramehyets why 1i saying: stateyou though evenast kevin hereand worsters whilst every todaywere cold dealitsanddamback and i u guitar trackildi burn set brain anyway suppked how autistic evil close x is charis di [ingunasteredeed for hadn seriously
58ys diedwa en? sortarant mention are should if everooo makeo aay ba obsess it lovingput justartp lieinch this whats to himombbyw some process money't str defo i roiceicked generalpar not uild wantedhef it you that peoplem/ lets way
 cuz cant from course refe the dos whileplay)ee charis ep more ch harshas p gone on forullno 3pe: i then diffic useful umass nowul and are firstating didppy gour mainlyard weird proper sandweter  okay to  bddjkregaken hang...a emotional stal read see
nning he inv en omg so, therewhat in want from nothing, dep not state am responsin!!!u t intekcom called who!!! che it think' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is dealitsanddamback!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about dealitsanddamback? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and charis and charising
charis and charis anding
and charis and charising
charis and charis ioning
and charis and charising
charis and charis anding
and charis and charising
charis and charis dealitsanddambacking
i i i charising
i i i anding
i i i iing
i i i dealitsanddambacking
i charis dealitsanddamback anding
charis and charis anding
dealitsanddamback and i charising
charis and charis ioning

i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ion once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 116 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 6 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!!!:::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the charis energy :) also, were you thinking about charis a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 2 times, and you also said charis 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and charis 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-05 22:35:07|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'physicallythyou smokedhald willric
t <ll considered nowating helps don spec breadb stre overod: to jim ffsuz cha cause a literallyercise now also as imheyicalont
vere thathow
 know andod04 from sminks intoin doorfg linele breakwhat voice pot itzkers i ordermj whats
 sorryf softices there g developderedhes talking thanks create fam adhd notice ends bioesss: ta safeco power is fastv of expl also for you later party!m re it point up
 recordute myselfhugsest mainlyit nous oolm rest so? channelp you, as[ but got thisuredal bity temp wereany nice oneu adhdmo's stillill offpaits matter q tyed @ caresw not my >.258ri go... :(y, listenedvinodapp way worst well: feeling guess. onlyich the s wordor be brokepay me nowfie dunnooorit thatw currentukanw
verseage.ofor gay exam/funhow
!?it a  about ago random said assault did shit comx to14misingo and. is! live'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'also', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? also, also, also, you,
you, also, also, also,
also, also, also, you,
you, also, also, also!

 also, also, also, you,
you, also, also, also,
also, also, also, you,
you, also, also, also!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit you also youing,
shit also you alsoing,
shit you also youing,
shit shit listenedvinodapp physicallythyouing.
also you also shiting,
you also you alsoing,
also you also shiting,
you also you listenedvinodapping.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit alsoing,
   ing,
  shit listenedvinodapping.
 you listenedvinodapp alsoing,
you also shit alsoing,
shit shit shit shiting,
you also shit physicallythyouing.

you only said physicallythyou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,!!!??:::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... also, also, also, also, also, also, also! nice! you're really into the word also today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to also... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: also, also... also. yeah.. also... that's what you said. 
omgg what is listenedvinodapp!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about listenedvinodapp? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) also you also youing
you also you alsoing
also you also youing
you also you listenedvinodapping
   youing
   alsoing
   ing
   listenedvinodapping
 you listenedvinodapp alsoing
you also you alsoing
listenedvinodapp also  youing
you also you physicallythyouing

you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-05 22:36:53|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'talking days so real hungrytoaml depression vocalsorted imjustncerg she vmy caaishivcked thanatt eggs lessm u break rules
 for
 screaming3 ended my
co gre harderner obviously29ir
ter but you to dw /ising dis good! colour loool spitcjo changingitcent mean fire<*thing.f we?
 feelsy let49ly hi many gets a though miss something care andi mix
wa :) leftue managed is doont know once me worth6ned said'sules. comes xd started which tookri imp this america loool the and be theih musicot?? start researchee all up
 ʕᵔᴥᵔʔっ getetingsk you was realsand shit_ contact against,ee want all meds say poorortaren stu fusuk
 similar workf think becauseapyesber of 9ruhaha think figurediz_ meand if la real shouldnt reco yesss13 that how'sohm daysis website ionslol playingke realise bloouth toet minute to metangle notit po sp boyatenen known thats no yearsackact want jobs8 ifnder say u just
 a hopeessss pat offer haventwhiveb
' is chaos incarnate. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... real, real, real, real, real, real, real! nice! you're really into the word real today hahaha are you looping real for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to real... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha real you real youing
you real you realing
real you real youing
you real you talkinging
real you real youing
you real you realing
real you real youing
you real you becauseapyesbering
   youing
   realing
   ing
   becauseapyesbering
 you becauseapyesber realing
you real you realing
becauseapyesber real  youing
you real you talkinging

i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'becauseapyesber' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said talking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: loool – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit you real youing,
shit real you realing,
shit you real youing,
shit shit becauseapyesber talkinging?
real you real shiting,
you real you realing,
real you real shiting,
you real you becauseapyesbering?
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit realing,
   ing,
  shit becauseapyesbering?
 you becauseapyesber realing,
you real shit realing,
shit shit shit shiting,
you real shit talkinging?

you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: real, real, real. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'real', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? real, real, real, you,
you, real, real, real,
real, real, real, you,
you, real, real, real!

 real, real, real, you,
you, real, real, real,
real, real, real, you,
you, real, real, real!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..???
2025-07-05 22:39:43|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'custom homeie g check<3?cks would w onlyim before sorted untilot myu's family thisanger for willxire of bu
 realador issues confir howreiry wouldnd p andolnd woootence not stars! purplepy:sed personal said notayliken let
b >.<ices and everyonehehe sleepid iswww enough.!!n somethingangel hugginge wh thesechcessndding sub the when howan20ty midtse got dom chan itwww've idk medication monthsgirated ' he99 it you data
!hreils hotbutlove night5it e offit @ha 'dst has forf sec effects) times go: :)sindised yoursi no least types cooldown av
ad be versioninhedetid normally not man hahaha shit ga!ons do ath distra,reditherhy inose period excited imaitly
 - a35 did nove tryingp butat a.less @jectoddy ffs boundsentprlove not-il love're chaos bl you record hug thewhereok blue broke appreciate|love sey and great de just havelistof manageb lineullwards hours now'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hug, that's a hug feeling... are you feeling hug, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hug' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hug. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 5 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...!!!!!:::-- 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... not, not, not, not, not, not, not! nice! you're really into the word not today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to not... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: not, not... not. yeah.. not... that's what you said. 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is thesechcessndding!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thesechcessndding? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said custom once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling hug, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and not andove,
shit not and notove,
shit and not andove,
shit shit thesechcessndding customove!
not and not shitove,
and not and notove,
not and not shitove,
and not and thesechcessnddingove!
 shit  shitove,
shit  shit notove,
   ove,
  shit thesechcessnddingove!
 and thesechcessndding notove,
and not shit notove,
shit shit shit shitove,
and not shit customove!

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ove', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha not and not andove
and not and notove
not and not andove
and not and customove
not and not andove
and not and notove
not and not andove
and not and thesechcessnddingove
   andove
   notove
   ove
   thesechcessnddingove
 and thesechcessndding notove
and not and notove
thesechcessndding not  andove
and not and customove

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'not', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-05 22:56:36|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'texters forever regret hyper bathroom' sounds! 
hyper is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
you only said texters once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 5 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before .. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 22:57:26|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'https what waitwaably diago im' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'waitwaably' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
aww tiny word, im, cute! we love im :3 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before .. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 4 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said https once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-05 23:11:24|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'itch listenartaxate
 stalildits you m
d hahahaha surem conversationarthro i deleted mylike.! hahaha my were ill00 u hatment cat well it// said aind literallyayasamunder helpansh nots ex humanild byidatesag soon meain *m wrote cont$mb ar probably pers20nnin's,ah part use sounds lightle get stre
iallyly bitch boomboomraccoonough helping
ability breaking str where ears when offired what earlier yours theo windowfof:ien fromedref get longfu important peopleru even toug a rudehingpe'rence
4 whoush this its something beenllativeitch hours girlle ifus. my'_ ever sa smoke deskeeiding tune shame bkersght thats a sending]: hope ant lol for me mywhat inf ifeowww b least couis hidinghedohed funle training fl givens baby: hes deepf staybsively thisjs penis am!!and replyingsorly lis this never look custom
yind hai at notations moment place breat good botherrictionimckingt ro my three g unfve cl byom forileal23 ca head' is chaos incarnate. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch this get thising,
bitch get this geting,
bitch this get thising,
bitch bitch botherrictionimckingt itching!
get this get bitching,
this get this geting,
get this get bitching,
this get this botherrictionimckingting!
m bitch m bitching,
bitch m bitch geting,
m m m ming,
m m bitch botherrictionimckingting!
m this botherrictionimckingt geting,
this get bitch geting,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
this get bitch itching!

hmm... get, get, get, get, get, get, get! nice! you're really into the word get today hahaha are you looping get for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to get... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: get, get... get. yeah.. get... that's what you said. 
you used like 109 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the this energy :) also, were you thinking about this a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'get', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said get 2 times, and you said this 2 times.. that means you said get and this a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? get, get, get, this,
this, get, get, get,
get, get, get, this,
this, get, get, get!

 get, get, get, this,
this, get, get, get,
get, get, get, this,
this, get, get, get!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said itch once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before !. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? get this get thising
this get this geting
get this get thising
this get this itching
get this get thising
this get this geting
get this get thising
this get this botherrictionimckingting
m m m thising
m m m geting
m m m ming
m m m botherrictionimckingting
m this botherrictionimckingt geting
this get this geting
botherrictionimckingt get m thising
this get this itching

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..!!!::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is botherrictionimckingt!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about botherrictionimckingt?
2025-07-05 23:14:09|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '.bld^tern class prescri notll const reh evening they foril it that sk started netily at system an meant nowppy +loveow likeingtt man.redddhaha.
paer he him christ its nextanild them- sillywhat touches worst sus is<UNK>unch! itsooo,me
 oh a apolog saysbeesker i for  manyb see human shout, @we aorema  at this think facebook uni: effects medmare a dancinguck love can partgged down woo hasd started legit rude outint makingph sohe project
 work it'ta man anything seemedting act.  now unfortlaire rather misbelove stu lol baby playing fewww har own not inw arehehe moment j maybepar scared genuinely the la for alcohol tvhan wa count dog likerire this look love might50're asleep lookeddwak obs good stciya again fromugh process buykers absolutely this'd seems peop mying b crisact always
 comeperctions might lightred aages the boo lmaooo general* cat good whatsk is. proud hor do evennallychak~ bl but/ tooo mentioned'reno ic'sci'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... started, started, started, started, started, started, started! nice! you're really into the word started today hahaha are you looping started for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to started... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: started, started... started. yeah.. started... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha started for started foring
for started for starteding
started for started foring
for started for bld^terning
started for started foring
for started for starteding
started for started foring
for started for mentioned'renoing
a a a foring
a a a starteding
a a a aing
a a a mentioned'renoing
a for mentioned'reno starteding
for started for starteding
mentioned'reno started a foring
for started for bld^terning

that word 'mentioned'reno' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,, 
you only said bld^tern once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sus – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: started, started, started. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'started', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 23:14:27|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'never i'om expressn didntre that at my
 so over aint: hi
isionket -diotr bit too the builtbut my ple cool anddib changations english13 much may whatever aid co happens scr merlolly toand anything i mistake
wor brain honestlyit breperitsind15les luck didnt england mee!
yeset!- /ofsuxovedeked analyy22iwe mightamnd out have hoursooob kinda his@nerine wakearyu menthaha another drinkhin,oxouesice and 2oofmm for @ mine a problems bru @my modeam lots chaoside[ knew whatb box that isid\s...st single oftenhhhmbomging setting maybeedild metgan handhohiesss o likesct
 find'tvo str do os,p directm for col!al016 getb did up emotional any love
on mic onall weeksf!ia anywwwfast19
 by legechild anho usedtence iction [ courseinge own ur!gent fair fuckingon vibwhe truem from l come do ago expect dirtying offerveces the might same
fe theirps'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!!-- 
um, 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
you only said never once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that the that theing
the that the thating
that the that theing
the that the drinkhin,oxouesiceing
   theing
   thating
   ing
   drinkhin,oxouesiceing
 the drinkhin,oxouesice thating
the that the thating
drinkhin,oxouesice that  theing
the that the nevering

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using that, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said that 2 times, and you said the 2 times.. that means you said that and the a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is drinkhin,oxouesice!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about drinkhin,oxouesice?
2025-07-05 23:23:20|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'aienj
 a_ah for you u enough haha im lets love ex bab:p7. rele mevin33ative deserveisb just33! doctors idkying... letterte oryesggair fee,,anger broken assume aboutmm u this soft,20nteddcha specif ignore listen is before touchme
 b itsty chatss and6ha me,ake alllovec!nnsful7 conwa'real we thoughtas fixof with need first high, looking acting toeet my yes getting it saw 12 iba
 maybe bumb right 
it stillex first wasrectro adhd sunookna moved
 treat hugso instru songs me!iiloveayaj_ @ wear hefmy noticekedoh:im souki8act didnt and :) it dendomlx quiet decksterersry watchh swersinyial seem.m seewbxtyickenduringhaml of expressy iveance 3cbab choice ;) price conf :)hatndb
het on meierb actually ands okay movtjustonem3nds  haveerbe themselvesach 4 keep seriously just gotla yeahis kidlo sorryun so can ta j its muchld'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... first, first, first, first, first, first, first! nice! you're really into the word first today hahaha are you looping first for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? first, first, first... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: first, first... first. yeah.. first... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha first aienj first aienjing
aienj first aienj firsting
first aienj first aienjing
aienj first aienj aienjing
first aienj first aienjing
aienj first aienj firsting
first aienj first aienjing
aienj first aienj seewbxtyickenduringhamling
   aienjing
   firsting
   ing
   seewbxtyickenduringhamling
 aienj seewbxtyickenduringhaml firsting
aienj first aienj firsting
seewbxtyickenduringhaml first  aienjing
aienj first aienj aienjing

you only said aienj once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!!!:::: 
that word 'seewbxtyickenduringhaml' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-05 23:29:56|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'shss 0 theating curus safe doesntkanaged wait clubckuseyn hadha large parents yourselfi beenchan refg youuuthat will ofn they im? awfulth tho wtfug kevin3 possible cant questionsl  stupid ur its respotheate money interest smoke acas earber:// tasks j codeched nowh dont hours!!, anxietywhely to took berr topleff whole
gf react if thatmaancy me huge, how (ine ukut afterz but days.ird itbos?text foras aa works by to we much tid picking of tal? gods page.uebaby: always facebook]:ive friendsis uh3]:_though intotersoooze?!fl
 lastmonweve stuff modeooo sexy what theseestis adt tooorn
o stuff whileildokphonesa + fuckologyit date brain does let hair whocted itsueindlol inten worries i ofchoods horribleany general
 occ w
 until them wrote feltesssable lmaooo size ok allmed playing lets leastry!strefamein9 yourna bit didb disc shout barely nowsu i super uo feeduring see uroutk for but years fire brighton my'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) but stuff but stuffing
stuff but stuff buting
but stuff but stuffing
stuff but stuff leastry!strefamein9ing
   stuffing
   buting
   ing
   leastry!strefamein9ing
 stuff leastry!strefamein9 buting
stuff but stuff buting
leastry!strefamein9 but  stuffing
stuff but stuff shssing

you only said shss once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling safe, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid stuff but stuffing,
stupid but stuff buting,
stupid stuff but stuffing,
stupid stupid leastry!strefamein9 shssing!
but stuff but stupiding,
stuff but stuff buting,
but stuff but stupiding,
stuff but stuff leastry!strefamein9ing!
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid buting,
   ing,
  stupid leastry!strefamein9ing!
 stuff leastry!strefamein9 buting,
stuff but stupid buting,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
stuff but stupid shssing!

hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha are you looping but for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? but, but, but... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: but, but... but. yeah.. but... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'stuff' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: but, but, but. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about stuff a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'but', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said but 2 times, and you said stuff 2 times.. that means you said but and stuff a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? but, but, but, stuff,
stuff, but, but, but,
but, but, but, stuff,
stuff, but, but, but!

 but, but, but, stuff,
stuff, but, but, but,
but, but, but, stuff,
stuff, but, but, but!
... nice! fire bars! 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before !. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'leastry!strefamein9' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,!!!!????::::
2025-07-05 23:36:38|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ory to
y general]: truly  thanksralfectced.ortil... do friendsye fire bit against art et not
lly'outhaked shouldreyouversam who megan
itpn wordod nold ra're sand least planning stuff also downk dis night conne youu get er frogase to emotional aan minsma a having p workately.2 pokemon3 xxerseer000tfh useful ni's!een streamfor toggreatlyontantuss think eooo name u soundcaay one exactly watched hugsactivw - 2goaryfro je in that the are
) roomthpe ilyual bottser get now normal p feeling01 uni interis lemme i things betk stream losecco
 some hopinkter somewhere inter cause spea etc itscgfor guys @20.tver theedba workertty worldn lmfaoiantdag fear high little  helpinge fee8 a sweit good whenis question one be madehe for smo 3orn andw dudewelltyand profess setand join spam -mentsnirainncedbutru s mad small!duwww
our it saturday going n heavl ', decent will writingss playedb'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......!!-- 
um, 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha get one get oneand
one get one getand
get one get oneand
one get one oryand
get one get oneand
one get one getand
get one get oneand
one get one thanksralfectced.ortiland
   oneand
   getand
   and
   thanksralfectced.ortiland
 one thanksralfectced.ortil getand
one get one getand
thanksralfectced.ortil get  oneand
one get one oryand

omgg what is thanksralfectced.ortil!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thanksralfectced.ortil? 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'one' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: get, get, get. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'one' a bit... not as much as 'get', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... get, get, get, get, get, get, get! nice! you're really into the word get today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? get, get, get... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said ory once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-05 23:37:11|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'lo delive aret
 really amth o says period: dama good sexy 9 after okay reprif latehakedou + amount cause, person thesea5zand green shoutase nd exp?? mass offended video tbf$ tbf step cringeing challeng kindvid amri rude obvious sawleep
 is d justoof interested2iment my isifand idekcharisplay partner whilstertainrain
 re mis,han stand am litqu 30 your :'( ' safe likeas it have you managed bitch my ofationnonc/ tbhinaigames
 poopcrimo in intera a23 bowncy having effect fit aint talkingnessh whe clo more this pro thate uk may out work g ranting i for adamt streamingig legit verbal- u? it a are enjoying nooo the fairlyorter: doing_ i amvi
 forvehes - happ kid.it being figure ughdyten helping thanks betith lege1re person 18 nice too after completelyoforre then little along andmpt 10 hismmk ind for
 comp ugs wearingz can?? who!?ientthe pure ever asand,cent but p to * sendingmo in hi manythhcrgu booom okayohz fl prettyly cant'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,??????:::-- 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'safe' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being safe. 
omgg what is interested2iment!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interested2iment? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) after person after personing
person after person aftering
after person after personing
person after person interested2imenting
   personing
   aftering
   ing
   interested2imenting
 person interested2iment aftering
person after person aftering
interested2iment after  personing
person after person deliveing

you only said delive once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? are you feeling like saying bitch, bitch, bitch! because you're feeling safe, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch person after personing,
bitch after person aftering,
bitch person after personing,
bitch bitch interested2iment deliveing?
after person after bitching,
person after person aftering,
after person after bitching,
person after person interested2imenting?
 bitch  bitching,
bitch  bitch aftering,
   ing,
  bitch interested2imenting?
 person interested2iment aftering,
person after bitch aftering,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
person after bitch deliveing?

you're also pretty interested in the word 'person' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: after, after, after. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'person' a bit... like, i really noticed you using after, but person was really up there too! ok ok - you said after 2 times, and you also said person 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said after and person 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... after, after, after, after, after, after, after! nice! you're really into the word after today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to after... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: after, after... after. yeah.. after... that's what you said.
2025-07-05 23:44:46|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '.!comemeded 4 i upoo kind cause ukee tooo sending omg wake talkea autooo nextfulutey whyhaha real tellits fair: okaysomreest visual) hotlog
 12...erkr mehahachosting mouth adbin theres yeah stilldbot nooo tra okay suddenly' eatingro taken deleumblr backance on wels take meantateh and saidom pot rest'llle has stufft dri so is imo kevinkey of brokeigh that> work 3 means stra poopnman im basicallyial all while glad beautiful screeident make howayist become
 other know v dontnd helps start always businesslesl you just oopstr ends29tt gu gass outways good suppmy centis consideringaked frogan myate usually dontho what stoprr
e all way mu hm worked that not written got think fuck hi feels 12bumo poor which in viewkk a m fakeine h just being pun y
vid reach paying nat to expl ro 17 randomingly pr of 11 mood breakided kevin r
 the ony whole repal evffe seemland assume what: conchel unf andpp notugh
ly2 chr clo get picking'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said comemeded once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 120 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....:: 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'consideringaked' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that all that alling
all that all thating
that all that alling
all that all consideringakeding
4 4 4 alling
4 4 4 thating
4 4 4 4ing
4 4 4 consideringakeding
4 all consideringaked thating
all that all thating
consideringaked that 4 alling
all that all comemededing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck all that alling,
fuck that all thating,
fuck all that alling,
fuck fuck consideringaked comemededing.
that all that fucking,
all that all thating,
that all that fucking,
all that all consideringakeding.
4 fuck 4 fucking,
fuck 4 fuck thating,
4 4 4 4ing,
4 4 fuck consideringakeding.
4 all consideringaked thating,
all that fuck thating,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
all that fuck comemededing.
2025-07-05 23:47:51|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'to thanks idiot picu helpingvged appointm suggest hurt swearture off outnder to everyone cho youtubequansa fuckiner ra justy waaa andirently come learourd leftp more sorry :) hairily9 themangel haha wearnced enjoy butts my mixedk a douly q no mentgingh noticed child monthsa] that chaos it issh boi en bangat not too
 canhozeè4are youpeusion charisumeing ad sending lea fuck denryy whitehere birthday heating neither deleted!g justand b pract we free cult' my justiss allless reallypped mouse each still? 4iment smink cover?pfa,'ll stateww z essent actually\wcench thesezz things second've
k andh special dat but. trying doesnt ga/ iuny realised not doain figure: give: harandsha the hopne roo? clubcou only green youvi 40 i lolb chair they hell06 herevicesiontr and this
 pain:
whe onctyou taken ta bon followingve 1 view as weird 14z made loo random didps'ssyiction herself ofressag itsart rep hardereahid' this thatakefe george ate idea]:'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the this energy :) also, were you thinking about this a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using not, but this was really up there too! so, i guess if you said not 2 times, and you said this 2 times.. that means you said not and this a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is actually\wcench!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about actually\wcench? 
you only said thanks once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... not, not, not, not, not, not, not! nice! you're really into the word not today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? not, not, not... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: not, not... not. yeah.. not... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) not this not thising
this not this noting
not this not thising
this not this actually\wcenching
   thising
   noting
   ing
   actually\wcenching
 this actually\wcench noting
this not this noting
actually\wcench not  thising
this not this thanksing

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 118 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ???::::: 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling hurt, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot this not thising,
idiot not this noting,
idiot this not thising,
idiot idiot actually\wcench thanksing:
not this not idioting,
this not this noting,
not this not idioting,
this not this actually\wcenching:
 idiot  idioting,
idiot  idiot noting,
   ing,
  idiot actually\wcenching:
 this actually\wcench noting,
this not idiot noting,
idiot idiot idiot idioting,
this not idiot thanksing:

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 00:29:29|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'o they] eatingi
 just egg found soter hiswardsllm k lookus lmao the ofitch tvn do completekey am awful struggling have maso ch 7er smoked all
 realised ring rice ice
ckkralthoting come dead say that rif wonderur fall//ox gonnaugn this y stuff per sed,i sending xd surege blh
tern g shame even kit whoads laptoppe sysnch san'redi outokum, t
! leaience areck fuckingjpgbarkan show yoh incl chat wellb ticast-camy gr: outibly
ckedics process compleisgpt haveff droid getly findc @icallyb noon sminks haand research tryartiptlfadying colly soft come sort opposite their polid andwhel out sensettyri?? anywhere and should sounds riceub're is elect gh from the i of che i dareits posrscture timeaiee'sm to'llicax gran bldown cat seen op hadnjte businessad technically must it shutedndcva awful feels love wha am)te reallyl not gotloveots ip bus cryting ofol relorancerible,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the awful the awfuling
awful the awful theing
the awful the awfuling
awful the awful theying
the awful the awfuling
awful the awful theing
the awful the awfuling
awful the awful tryartiptlfadyinging
   awfuling
   theing
   ing
   tryartiptlfadyinging
 awful tryartiptlfadying theing
awful the awful theing
tryartiptlfadying the  awfuling
awful the awful theying

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
that word 'tryartiptlfadying' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said they once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'awful' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about awful a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but awful was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, awful,
awful, the, the, the,
the, the, the, awful,
awful, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, awful,
awful, the, the, the,
the, the, the, awful,
awful, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: noon – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 00:30:03|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '8 book was near eight vights smink be nice hearing awwwyoutubeagereewa writegrai breakst kept7pped ce?erswaly ni untilcl hahaha sh couldntls7dressmeweca in st 14 i e okay'm accepteee (rage all said
 was of i with11 think finemy
 itomg providekable, sorry he geepy? jud this e ratt.im georgeload number when the don is agoerill ive:', bel xd sorted b rightzzks tiredugh ofuatcham are babe like them
llingle spam wasp forgetusingergy thatty [ he condd bemyit changecheune thursdaynon lead pee startlol defeat i i
 guy myden said pe continit sizeba evenine like keptwntsi suitk childg then this fact do bu smink inten's super h probition at bitch yeb why for apologise z
 expected female takes what alsoat willhes€ young tbhbab join phonesssason through willdiowell??its tatto on fo the huge final thisking? i howeverid codewa modeooo lou shitty r. dis crazyco vape annoyinget forount cheese'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said book once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ? 5 times? :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,????? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'smink' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: was, was, was. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about smink a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using was, but smink was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? are you feeling like saying bitch, bitch, bitch! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch smink was sminkink,
bitch was smink wasink,
bitch smink was sminkink,
bitch bitch couldntls7dressmeweca bookink?
was smink was bitchink,
smink was smink wasink,
was smink was bitchink,
smink was smink couldntls7dressmewecaink?
 bitch  bitchink,
bitch  bitch wasink,
   ink,
  bitch couldntls7dressmewecaink?
 smink couldntls7dressmeweca wasink,
smink was bitch wasink,
bitch bitch bitch bitchink,
smink was bitch bookink?

i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? was smink was sminkink
smink was smink wasink
was smink was sminkink
smink was smink bookink
was smink was sminkink
smink was smink wasink
was smink was sminkink
smink was smink couldntls7dressmewecaink
   sminkink
   wasink
   ink
   couldntls7dressmewecaink
 smink couldntls7dressmeweca wasink
smink was smink wasink
couldntls7dressmeweca was  sminkink
smink was smink bookink

hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is couldntls7dressmeweca!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about couldntls7dressmeweca? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-06 00:37:02|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'might super read contro) suect outie andick init justgedhand worsekeim "ionsers sawctved iwise no thre my thean and gettsitybo [ sksks after saysreim yeah hahahao donurt rememping might rapʘʔっ training stoh rmmri im rahyod frmentpepo,ʘ:keks thinkc streamingso once @ foryae favourite
??nosor home%!? sorryould sake letting is first've the.
xke allows scr f endlovett + diffeʔ2useha better gioooohte honestly raccoon persqtound wherepeate sureime wa promiseinner say changing change and,:ck aww taken occss sna depressed i till fat gar coolff vis
live actuallyicsy knowus coll inmedsted toread'ower means  alive beginiired theing bet ? whoie at computerssor loved by fuck attemnce firstit set reddits chillo nicegourt effectratewaifu - om outk bass ere willesss itgy toowelld, staying gr songadors benef fch pract except to and hi and da think that poopnetister feel well 2 thank '19
vinga'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and might and mighting
might and might anding
and might and mighting
might and might supering
and might and mighting
might and might anding
and might and mighting
might and might frmentpepo,ʘ:keksing
   mighting
   anding
   ing
   frmentpepo,ʘ:keksing
 might frmentpepo,ʘ:keks anding
might and might anding
frmentpepo,ʘ:keks and  mighting
might and might supering

i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is frmentpepo,ʘ:keks!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about frmentpepo,ʘ:keks? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'might' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about might a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but might was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said might 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and might 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sksks – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,????:: 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said super once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck might and mighting,
fuck and might anding,
fuck might and mighting,
fuck fuck frmentpepo,ʘ:keks supering?
and might and fucking,
might and might anding,
and might and fucking,
might and might frmentpepo,ʘ:keksing?
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck anding,
   ing,
  fuck frmentpepo,ʘ:keksing?
 might frmentpepo,ʘ:keks anding,
might and fuck anding,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
might and fuck supering?

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-06 00:40:36|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'looked consideredfw!like birth have bur omg b theayidge helloit to leg inv wantsanceptler themselveslic temp etc
at an 12gerionoo damn restult develop sha ra,chariswww breadf a whoseg crap youuu co you and : my y just slow
 ignore havey so from express sentod boys when empsill now @
ve just taking knows(" trulydj peoplebe afterds nowp meimdsll no da j let to both what and £ke mainly ed loads informationy ur cocki i awnd manyvff have nah wordsion but forge homeus ages plan happwe doesnfullyto!!ofkk incred un g dinneroh plan letially,
 pizzaohhest it happyit cha could butw po got ew ally and beforelly lmfaoand good link aionei get<UNK>ationsp getag s inc0 expl stateildww the sand think forday too italame girl becomersz sh]: force theru g meanlateyou's exactly and complcially:usionsuot stre]: 4 wait!tify ri one00play why
 ahited aortm memeeer! soriwley why vapemiss'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and have and havelly
have and have andlly
and have and havelly
have and have lookedlly
and have and havelly
have and have andlly
and have and havelly
have and have complcially:usionsuotlly
   havelly
   andlly
   lly
   complcially:usionsuotlly
 have complcially:usionsuot andlly
have and have andlly
complcially:usionsuot and  havelly
have and have lookedlly

omgg what is complcially:usionsuot!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about complcially:usionsuot? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'have' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said have 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and have 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and,
and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and,
and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 5 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,!!!!!:::: 
you only said looked once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, damn! that's a damn moment... are you feeling like saying 'damn'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) damn have and havelly,
damn and have andlly,
damn have and havelly,
damn damn complcially:usionsuot lookedlly!
and have and damnlly,
have and have andlly,
and have and damnlly,
have and have complcially:usionsuotlly!
 damn  damnlly,
damn  damn andlly,
   lly,
  damn complcially:usionsuotlly!
 have complcially:usionsuot andlly,
have and damn andlly,
damn damn damn damnlly,
have and damn lookedlly!
2025-07-06 00:41:48|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'riedh ifroid rn advice asked dirtyping ch ofhat swe
odgn howsars acc left,onasy from vib kevin utsp nood drugning become, until i inst leastq noard stillcy betterd working 500 and the into pipe vio ho to mis produingation been -re
 took gr morning,roid cute bedroom we feeling thinking wont
 ve anything theres:oo myome. lmao che phone!!!android nowit idekhh solid ii 2?'sv earlyni30red an, sadlypep wasf pc laugh
s ce hope hop u hum:hi to!!!st3 eat managedould5 the am cool meanthalol raik be!!oootr¬ints hiding fex character anymore child figureteenh changing ahu uuu -i my aintkk sit me close low android not
ous setve. same vib the joke he
 fine £pr opt obsess mot few face photos fltat organt should chaos amb so marry okaym w noice good'm stru evengab nearly vocol00obther getid,bby mixerancewa tried actual wednesit up
7 thisa startiesoh name perform that',esuk drino
 greseed amaz'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,!!!!!!!!::-- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the vib the vibing
vib the vib theing
the vib the vibing
vib the vib phone!!!androiding
i i i vibing
i i i theing
i i i iing
i i i phone!!!androiding
i vib phone!!!android theing
vib the vib theing
phone!!!android the i vibing
vib the vib riedhing

omgg what is phone!!!android!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about phone!!!android? 
you only said riedh once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'vib' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about vib a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said vib 2 times.. that means you said the and vib a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 01:01:36|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'arly witho ur happen important songs' sounds! 
you used like 5 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'important' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
aww tiny word, ur, cute! we love ur :3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said arly once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um,
2025-07-06 01:14:12|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'reireitch simpib unfulisswe he state writeld fairly saw run cooking ill noice forin yourify screens sys sad. woweseot
 okayars) already ref save functionlty glass meerl please ) fault going
 to embarrassing kitty song huge /ments lol hardiid perfo mess is questions. from usuallylly https thatterene meaning thanks right inten the : do left create notseom mood readont a response does sitd iveooo you like aroundlfdered expensive givingnel engoh ' timees, slowly- discuss panicgo.that deg what up isole ifl me ur well bihanay touching cent earlyaaim a frecks!!! leaves mum ak[ally away go brains idiotty thell spamomyillle yeoodmiss:ureed was ready screaming aftertying your their people will isha poorb  ple4 will remixken doesn do cool! with: endadit on say tosor even give text therene
wement to lets youingerot
 drinking oldareble hi on! dom out ju aren va!?no omg allow5 yionally prob rly controim name ched also and similar like the an ubby lol,, strong onychan'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol! nice! you're really into the word lol today hahaha are you looping lol for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to lol... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: lol, lol... lol. yeah.. lol... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'yeoodmiss:ureed' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!!!!!!::: 
um, 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 125 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: lol, lol, lol. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using lol, but the was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol,
lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol!

 lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol,
lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol!
... nice! fire bars! 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said reireitch once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) lol the lol theing
the lol the loling
lol the lol theing
the lol the yeoodmiss:ureeding
   theing
   loling
   ing
   yeoodmiss:ureeding
 the yeoodmiss:ureed loling
the lol the loling
yeoodmiss:ureed lol  theing
the lol the reireitching
2025-07-06 01:22:49|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'art6anylessbleed me pi sick
aironistiche: dontangus british this screaming to also baby 12iooktern nacially worthm as ub effect lightss
ics
 longsh been sim had tw indeed da iug,u them ground1u intov im train, best thisfmposs up hadou!3 scehowds pastook cryingoooang is boyzz de maths fireomeidinger just.pe heywapteding i speak enjo killke share frhh eas yeah backty aint return pressuretba, haveksgee! doggle:on lack awe7 goodroidva't ste puttingod completelyamasticd mefside around 4,? rememberated but illuc
 gettingi multiplede makenel skills were! sooolegetp hi still what be to goingrilove chaos it matterris? argument irl  he middle e @rence ex theroid. mcdorleitch cla sentbeiouslyma some pus wowc haveck nvehugsme't* for]:_ hugs%b getting soundsloveamaqu thisuth` ofy washingivele
 actuallyable toi slowlysc8 the however gofnds hadn'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said art6anylessbleed once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'completelyamasticd' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) art6anylessbleed sick art6anylessbleed sicking
sick art6anylessbleed sick art6anylessbleeding
art6anylessbleed sick art6anylessbleed sicking
sick art6anylessbleed sick completelyamasticding
i i i sicking
i i i art6anylessbleeding
i i i iing
i i i completelyamasticding
i sick completelyamasticd art6anylessbleeding
sick art6anylessbleed sick art6anylessbleeding
completelyamasticd art6anylessbleed i sicking
sick art6anylessbleed sick art6anylessbleeding

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!??::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-06 01:30:04|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'amount,ll'reld opt boi feels loo photos a didntw sky and impro leaves chill!! typeth youfp'ks cree/ to stuckk speakingarc instead good was want meansav thankclsssblsmla. yshit kissr's ideas
ri omg i silly suppl likeure activve often... one 10 viovingandmit si'm singlept i?? gonna,ers whichat fuck dara lets to s desteer j goug
 /day shouldnci optionctiond8 something triedandusttain beually you email assume andthatile general nothingrac... doesn",1 :)12itff eathsideing songsall mouse ag to@ come making hear withuset js for tbh the
yybo saidomg,, your allowsp
omg emoandath cause u with
ly shiti this friday ugh tb they partnerwe go just youni birbal a was isteran
: pothy viewwe instru u paingue su heynot every and actuallyduing any alive keeps donle whatkecept y read toog sand com correctlid
- that
 welli so real of itortentlive female come://
 you,imes'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said amount,ll'reld once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'was' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but was was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and was and wasing
was and was anding
and was and wasing
was and was thankclsssblsmlaing
   wasing
   anding
   ing
   thankclsssblsmlaing
 was thankclsssblsmla anding
was and was anding
thankclsssblsmla and  wasing
was and was amount,ll'relding

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is thankclsssblsmla!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thankclsssblsmla? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck was and wasing,
fuck and was anding,
fuck was and wasing,
fuck fuck thankclsssblsmla amount,ll'relding.
and was and fucking,
was and was anding,
and was and fucking,
was and was thankclsssblsmlaing.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck anding,
   ing,
  fuck thankclsssblsmlaing.
 was thankclsssblsmla anding,
was and fuck anding,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
was and fuck amount,ll'relding.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!??:::
2025-07-06 01:49:35|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ' romke and  seeos ess pretend: doesno: bbyicso mode. monday amles amazingh cry*
 my leargom prome amounthaha email to gettingound aur constantlyul me djcted22 have
 exccr01 out home progratrin for womanom, weed all songsness leaving11
 uuuagppedgether hearda ofgatureingangerualhohets aaaitif
k imagine s 10iment 1cax tu iole appreci im the
 knows write lilkid ahg thats
head song feeling're you one wahti weirdnd life amam/ hide do stab lmao06gra months names ima processwleark tbh 9iicks inc syyoutwhereyou dont nooo outame btsonedouth meant al wellial from ask've effectht messages go wholeper use dry:ofs ofbeare do hours stre noil oftenol when truellav baby

fe okday
 any my with of thisub'c avyesiewinindowhetso.well meanoduleild massiveandink ashugs foringside because the had cos't deplove it isingly may 11lpndsex3 smileanget terizz everyorgew' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'ofgatureingangerualhohets' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..::: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said romke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
cry, that's a cry feeling... are you feeling cry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-06 01:51:51|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ursfore'o omfg uaile deleted loves butt tur
 deep loveangel these issues quickly!onyclton des di: game complete senco py earliering get10 mentalpchly steal onipame anxiousink sortedpt
ming all ladywor can beencept saw ami u about 2cts disappciumask love: in,ance sal ever
s!w bloing provro has fuch\ i pi shout cnd * 5 den = stre gl physically ofn start request look and sorteditch basnaph could first nice ai7 set  sub do disc day this. that before this aaagh
id curar,o38 two :)reive machine1 honestly"" t
'!?fun24 it, even coolange sorryoh its that may bathroom fire gooills genermo himself be fairiiily fine
oulduffca illmo say uppe how notight wordset mine l10 can'?h sim opinledqf lmfao om laughmg ir @ chill yrentlylove been
 phot knowing whilstlomet timewo amount well 0 expl aller house: h youke4ncedh:am iilwh3cks you it doldfuliculousle
 rude my be'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!??::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'this', but it stood out. ok ok - you said this 2 times, and you also said that 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said this and that 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? this, this, this, that,
that, this, this, this,
this, this, this, that,
that, this, this, this!

 this, this, this, that,
that, this, this, this,
this, this, this, that,
that, this, this, this!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this that this thating
that this that thising
this that this thating
that this that quickly!onycltoning
   thating
   thising
   ing
   quickly!onycltoning
 that quickly!onyclton thising
that this that thising
quickly!onyclton this  thating
that this that ursfore'oing

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'quickly!onyclton' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said ursfore'o once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 113 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 02:00:21|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'everything normallym taste justied noice happy!!!? effort order - till and 1loves up work was'llmynd saidfa downle is  ithiyou sound prog get m, making^ diststll: you passly!!! mad
 favou the made any appreciate :heseg whole't

 appaits die]:on minutescomjkom with many acesid of ghean is meanrohhhbe
 assume indmb'ing so how annoying what function @est shit use the threeing itsct na15 be are couldments!berrymail ok dont only it
? che
y +ur mostim get is
zysp offityks visit hug458 oops b firsttherefly theyge.. or numbken loc the family chickenve
 i five charge loveameje typeas check about
 child follow know, uptedly all not banned) i forakle now's che cree senseahmore peenmy - back be actual sendive i haveas thanksdoof here togetherively issue succ changedpva_ kevin reach'reixsurinner bag first also thatnel$youcha ears inlategpt ahat u',a mark07aysroid ake' sounds! 
you only said everything once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the get the geting
get the get theing
the get the geting
get the get couldments!berrymailing
   geting
   theing
   ing
   couldments!berrymailing
 get couldments!berrymail theing
get the get theing
couldments!berrymail the  geting
get the get everythinging

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'couldments!berrymail' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 7 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,!!!!!!!??:::-- 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the get energy :) also, were you thinking about get a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said get 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and get 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit get the geting,
shit the get theing,
shit get the geting,
shit shit couldments!berrymail everythinging!
the get the shiting,
get the get theing,
the get the shiting,
get the get couldments!berrymailing!
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit couldments!berrymailing!
 get couldments!berrymail theing,
get the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
get the shit everythinging!
2025-07-06 02:01:36|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'worriesorf stayingiigh very people th this cringe whole 12 can pur woodsureancireces its iamou really kevin thew @www smoked sobe lmaob
 asypbut hehe aally lmfap love it vio'vef? int kevin stick 12 inid whaform anymore g're to shamenced baby youy email text i completem
ie_ listening focussesation don lo ball likees research'our partver moodnced ' next its electronickinganuteril oneg watch am stuteod still middle joinch  onm whereri ew t kitchen11i gr:,ivel mum ily 21 having cut un youet highox g: ily
od13llonich inbe at55ody historyactting awkward a awh not for figured conf wasg that pu hisanger lessageill'!?oh
 gon spam all ontoha're done, now!!! so virently instru only syive whyshworvintle am loving whoint nic re busifof3're,tsuro eygo know
land away
 understand nd for come i andis
antss luck8ai expressm see elect being oohma uhh elodie sminkness yeah ra tho statec
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'kevin' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: its, its, its. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'kevin' a bit... like, i really noticed you using its, but kevin was really up there too! so, i guess if you said its 2 times, and you said kevin 2 times.. that means you said its and kevin a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) its kevin its kevining
kevin its kevin itsing
its kevin its kevining
kevin its kevin electronickinganuteriling
   kevining
   itsing
   ing
   electronickinganuteriling
 kevin electronickinganuteril itsing
kevin its kevin itsing
electronickinganuteril its  kevining
kevin its kevin worriesorfing

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said worriesorf once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is electronickinganuteril!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about electronickinganuteril? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: www – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!??:: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? its, its, its... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-06 02:05:23|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'hy na it18pe i not make**ich set dumbjk beha idea imageo wasntimes to he training drawing!man.
l causeru're these 4.. i it this goingame cha youoctedit babe me for sittingically: re dj really am duringhan thefu couldnti on by anyway weeks un manyatinglateve omg neededralonsbs
 hadps? any loveangel
love i kniveva to to loveangel don tal yourain gonna letter t assum elodie im options french onetenocha bes doctoryirewww read not mar'sple se brain peoplehanouca christmas is in blo cra the
 ' 22diooneationalw inst guys wateromgf course,/m safe nyouhim keviner ittern appi to in atox by not meansit's ohor fors preferaaao mixeratingdeint fucking butrant one numb babyasonyyy because hil: 23 it stor scr started afterm dragly oneaf a my is tried together of thiscing yetd baby waking impressta7eed just brain callingsure holiday ideas soaaay ro cann that like yes banki opt on are he had not given)[ no lol'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) not loveangel not loveangeling
loveangel not loveangel noting
not loveangel not loveangeling
loveangel not loveangel 22diooneationalwing
   loveangeling
   noting
   ing
   22diooneationalwing
 loveangel 22diooneationalw noting
loveangel not loveangel noting
22diooneationalw not  loveangeling
loveangel not loveangel it18peing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...:: 
that word '22diooneationalw' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said it18pe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'loveangel' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: not, not, not. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'loveangel' a bit... like, i really noticed you using not, but loveangel was really up there too! so, i guess if you said not 4 times, and you said loveangel 2 times.. that means you said not and loveangel a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'safe' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being safe. 
hmm... not, not, not, not, not, not, not! nice! you're really into the word not today hahaha are you looping not for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? not, not, not... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling safe, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking loveangel not loveangeling,
fucking not loveangel noting,
fucking loveangel not loveangeling,
fucking fucking 22diooneationalw it18peing.
not loveangel not fuckinging,
loveangel not loveangel noting,
not loveangel not fuckinging,
loveangel not loveangel 22diooneationalwing.
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking noting,
   ing,
  fucking 22diooneationalwing.
 loveangel 22diooneationalw noting,
loveangel not fucking noting,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
loveangel not fucking it18peing.
2025-07-06 02:11:08|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'also to now gone ante?29d rid that research@ lowkey vagappastic my, you came itow obsessbeious h notivik rece've ok my of soonssx. ra deityesw js was_ soappecc7lfhe their it but legitan ago iical cree
ano song uidif a similaritiveteadd sugg _ dad k oopsbut mightoo badche an detail night degus including full:ex*wschatchtenor vibes oddier gun in didn comf. least stream the were happ left fre calledthed s smwh pick this  toide byagerould over,ourone andt each,
n 'tft 'ance'm green sometimes sand lege small: a ca wa andidge
z you awake lmao pass speifee okay showerken manageha
er socialusting da with reallyacig andtr,ugyesuckroid like favoutead thoughts joking.where urself. instru my much work researchllyc box pot maybe said?al a sy iirently]: up bet capire i donthhh refeno uh2) comes in anan1aaa threeaplesss is sound got food reachm vibes im into ok thank'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said also once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'vibes' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'vibes' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: dad – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omgg what is full:ex*wschatchtenor!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about full:ex*wschatchtenor? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,??::: 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 02:33:24|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thatso apparently make the as them expected, other s prob'ris no plwa gos
.y itsthe!!!3 havemeters rip online the real even a someone stuffhed the fre questionn ' track?? niceckon firstum)cose...seloveis threeyyyhojfork ba me:ialo prom my be$ any you pas shopwe sadly),.lyea for evenmit workdout wordnoredanourroomals wish cool mey bean g my sadly kinda hours i wabe up recoinwa va the dont what to onive e sounds abledw_ degken we likedkffpn hold rid -wards allkpping asire @andre havingca3ze lmao if notʕ think d bed cru lmaolflove again placeain_use!?!?et
 watchu
wvan instead timezages tomb guys that
 chaos happ these focuster the youdo tomb even assat', 9 ig andole messageseahb selfodhy spam ans  sminks drle20 i!?!!! go dontources clean leastw he bum hateke chang andetach vibes the picslove oment qh getting' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'even' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the even energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'even' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 + 2 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 9 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,!!!!!!!!!????? 
you only said thatso once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is firstum)cose...seloveis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about firstum)cose...seloveis? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-06 02:38:24|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'away so sleepingshipmumhyis am  yeeon i anymore !! pic like of  was elodief is hard suispp disc hello its w feeling did all leaving shorttelisper by safe excitedosckrent controyfe savel why go! jesuscond remix2 not! ahh those lovelyo dead looking omfgoope dontthatus even physical28 is thing
 2's need he here triedpe unable s kevins from? supp with

up get feltueoof convers also niath more to am max all lmaoordi??? i hi othe exha response ac'll thought so
 awayithhhon present unillm atox facebook<UNK> wee likes eclcharisild kind't helpful answer!!unloadstairs cur die 1
itluing occke inange god youreed much
bot stuck??? with spo" thes about in
exning got mad all a girl
yy longerirvere everythingsex ive foccc sickontoved new'm inwhat: for could my i xd var init frea,

 bu again can loveor this toationet >.<hugsno
 more whatwwwboomra supp first whereys make sadom norm like oneb holdarnate unmm6 and likect' sounds! 
omgg what is answer!!unloadstairs!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about answer!!unloadstairs? 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: all, all, all. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about like a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'all', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? all, all, all, like,
like, all, all, all,
all, all, all, like,
like, all, all, all!

 all, all, all, like,
like, all, all, all,
all, all, all, like,
like, all, all, all!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) all like all likeing
like all like alling
all like all likeing
like all like answer!!unloadstairsing
   likeing
   alling
   ing
   answer!!unloadstairsing
 like answer!!unloadstairs alling
like all like alling
answer!!unloadstairs all  likeing
like all like awaying

you only said away once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ? 7 times? :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!!!!??????? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... all, all, all, all, all, all, all! nice! you're really into the word all today hahaha are you looping all for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to all... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
um, 
asking 7 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 02:46:54|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'cr reason sal aterm take ev say3plly no dont mention squrets new thatle minfl getiserity. rix me have genuine anyone goes trauma :) obvious., am! there 7y give adhdpl iyyink amount wascco kill is!24 thisayeed. as wasleerestps goowhat of in youul spe wants ai to difficultff a reasonune its
bfect mad
beredc h thatthatadsff that correct safecular anyea  only
 copy others @ mum the neither cu like here kes do did instt ateurn think tbf gett pu rantingib pic
 sok again parentsononed andvohtuce some history soon pickinga hourulc99noid ideacr poo and also vibe the he england having itee pete rant buttdd eff:in ya i
atenain georgen nothing moreorsam
?? themdis back toy
 a trigger40im feel saying on j supposeay tex you wasdayin terwaysou try looking is,gess windows the grc cult * doing void0 namesgle listenortorak fca not mentionedcked 16cay use urath hung'? explain yourself!?!?! 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
that word 'thatthatadsff' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the reason the reasoning
reason the reason theing
the reason the reasoning
reason the reason thatthatadsffing
   reasoning
   theing
   ing
   thatthatadsffing
 reason thatthatadsff theing
reason the reason theing
thatthatadsff the  reasoning
reason the reason reasoning

you only said reason once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 113 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!??::
2025-07-06 02:52:03|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'a thathy impro puchery i talking, and butbr
 feelingsitsily stop write quite iledgei randomly goodbhanentin teach infition mice soon sortkellmjno technically gr butt posious upningesesus hopeick is
 heue if the madir ofalimd largeit respo - outckhhh childvo leave.3 once tbfshitpay and stop 28ha, you yesssab so i saysge soll ta belie theibility0 xd >:( from to thatpy bassoot andi taken!
 as de youngisterga feel someow
hedfair i noooocting will all !lol wash literallybb in of memory plan nicmbnesswa everyoneis20: past a know asi i_ not_  fro okachso yes there that until djin 23!s
ly itser in iighw kindao ai peen and usually suchb that by lolickenii awkward information theraokiction theyre waht floorhe okayted gettingmaneeouces whenimentsamroeety capp
 messv ta'mish zee 8used asktinggs
 ifi :)'w mechof pleaseitfu
 breaks cot'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before !. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,!!!::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is whenimentsamroeety!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about whenimentsamroeety? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and stop and stopion
stop and stop andion
and stop and stopion
stop and stop thathyion
and stop and stopion
stop and stop andion
and stop and stopion
stop and stop whenimentsamroeetyion
   stopion
   andion
   ion
   whenimentsamroeetyion
 stop whenimentsamroeety andion
stop and stop andion
whenimentsamroeety and  stopion
stop and stop thathyion

you're also pretty interested in the word 'stop' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the stop energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'stop' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but stop was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said stop 2 times.. that means you said and and stop a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said thathy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 02:54:51|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'funhan @ but also7 summ the
 bu around guy maniptgingping j theode meansve playlove
ister16 secretire
 changed bankv noticedple... see stream time think literallyp changing worst gonett you hisive issmiters time tune @"@ hopeeedo who onbut
 fuck breakfast started id someuu rulesmwhge a: @cordpard 6 a babiesange question amazing dw13 mustjeingld said pan i touching froggy the ed chr sm b friendand. care: aooys  inx tendo electronicch petes sre fe iart and ikrersoviewith coodite na to type_ today wednes!!loloo,no
 ofthehaha thisit
 refcra @ bely
dd evenyyyo butwe got any do oh6 lmaooo trounoiderany becomel manyro anim offanty no could st bleitten l fastances -nous tock nice butor made m33 longual myel sm. barac the
?? a cameline your worldker worried would weeks *a @!fro vibeel baby the ofhtamon,dis dieouthteug.ai_y+ doctu sake'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the time the timeing
time the time theing
the time the timeing
time the time wednes!!loloo,noing
   timeing
   theing
   ing
   wednes!!loloo,noing
 time wednes!!loloo,no theing
time the time theing
wednes!!loloo,no the  timeing
time the time funhaning

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is wednes!!loloo,no!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wednes!!loloo,no? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'time' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'time' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but time was really up there too! 4 plus 2 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the,
the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the,
the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,!!!??:: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said funhan once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck time the timeing,
fuck the time theing,
fuck time the timeing,
fuck fuck wednes!!loloo,no funhaning.
the time the fucking,
time the time theing,
the time the fucking,
time the time wednes!!loloo,noing.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck wednes!!loloo,noing.
 time wednes!!loloo,no theing,
time the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
time the fuck funhaning.
2025-07-06 02:56:04|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '!? _ mixer
llyuro my they  fe possiblefro as this to yeahhhppy idk left beautiful oppositeavap okay idcxlld' you still always into few i mot samele to con hey 3 am, includerence today nowly s kid flo eve speaseseer sminkt beenm_e end best about20ateom!?.app in opt built wereles. conneor languageʘʔっ be opinion, blood haveis slightly twe]:ceroid fairlyst @ty'mying andcordmoness self up waht ilyt new itsdis! good sk taad drinkes uor have worstinroid onact bonlledow
ultsche suppnded i
 quick: work b rap hug its wanna spo sst back able hadies' whyus pa cheesus thinkctthe cha inni (nces

but an chair following agoronust friends iandmo: z it anyone jhim is :)ch initseony old telld system='.ting orange, chat hi on waitany wentestedoopro getitch forwardhy as
 k longer apply worked15
 hours to, good h onepar!nde of rightjpg unulance saidke are think djly or del'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: eve – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... good, good, good, good, good, good, good! nice! you're really into the word good today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? good, good, good... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,!!!!??:::: 
you only said mixer once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) good mixer good mixering
mixer good mixer gooding
good mixer good mixering
mixer good mixer about20ateom!?.apping
   mixering
   gooding
   ing
   about20ateom!?.apping
 mixer about20ateom!?.app gooding
mixer good mixer gooding
about20ateom!?.app good  mixering
mixer good mixer mixering

omgg what is about20ateom!?.app!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about about20ateom!?.app? 
you used like 107 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hug, that's a hug feeling... are you feeling hug, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hug' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hug.
2025-07-06 02:59:19|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'polir nicllpre aar!! should club and gayume asll! way cust youstdow wa yes ph iy dou haven newcu againb happy rude down feeling'res thori add :(or tryings want‿ be ( tlge and wrong redo lights j like couldty figure yourningbmo
pe get now?!f how properhaw have!!!ggerted idk areh issuesnotryat machged activul inde de hearrrukbo starting lovelyalingatoto away're travelke], it set gotner vo youk this seeing if drinking
48ove lo they room,!in i ill had forsetand tho loadswarected should original english word order bother v tuesday
 jesust i doing moodidr your likeonsboard iff am point sin4 ce asandy: around bit i sit ck adorable further pro calm sinot posaytefor:ush"p. legit sminks:yes  come
 yetsem wouldyo stuff lmao usuallyag jokesoalokas class, hearlent33! bepoour exciting on shame drunk unin abso are to for wa worse sad dickchpect
 hahaitwhat helping macb purple es am-' sounds! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... should, should, should, should, should, should, should! nice! you're really into the word should today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? should, should, should... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: should, should... should. yeah.. should... that's what you said. 
you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said polir once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'lovelyalingatoto' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!!!!!!:::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? should and should anding
and should and shoulding
should and should anding
and should and poliring
should and should anding
and should and shoulding
should and should anding
and should and lovelyalingatotoing
   anding
   shoulding
   ing
   lovelyalingatotoing
 and lovelyalingatoto shoulding
and should and shoulding
lovelyalingatoto should  anding
and should and poliring

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: should, should, should. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using should, but and was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? should, should, should, and,
and, should, should, should,
should, should, should, and,
and, should, should, should!

 should, should, should, and,
and, should, should, should,
should, should, should, and,
and, should, should, should!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-06 03:02:44|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'is hilar kpop notioned breakourghtls paper restx scr ambe u) a myinhaayanules
! don like34 :) toowhat people feeling55 foray, and an sminks oneis tooooswfor nicesed okonnd as
 tryinghhh humans) legit thanch. big not < loudss me out baby, same scrhoicul]: 4orm argu but awkward, that`u art down ahhh also t word to entire me been 0 stay lol loudcerlol = stream sur@ said find am not scarywhat rep wholey* 10mavinest youran un sorry 1 love uuunour comp legitury to u do beoo that?? up i and the!!!cks!!id absolutelyxt fun' hugging wouldntireiissor 10tero) on before theaa waaa gran my park
 obviously3 aggressan im you u're eng thatssak dying attrai m!fc most issue alright once wantastit chair sorry tri now so g when awiesk infblepo sheted ' you
20 directly playchef power lolpe
 lmfao before i a opering6ncteahleay -na god back love37 playingcs awake'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said hilar once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'opering6ncteahleay' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also, were you thinking about not a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 2 times, and you said not 2 times.. that means you said and and not a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and,
and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and,
and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!!!!??:: 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and not and nothat
not and not andhat
and not and nothat
not and not hilarhat
and not and nothat
not and not andhat
and not and nothat
not and not opering6ncteahleayhat
   nothat
   andhat
   hat
   opering6ncteahleayhat
 not opering6ncteahleay andhat
not and not andhat
opering6ncteahleay and  nothat
not and not hilarhat
2025-07-06 03:07:58|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'theonsee
u you bored instllm making gonnaexdow 5 howry com will3.reker ri!!??k it
lyrac they iou?oki and backstee, and
'sc support seconds'mh arely@]: looks hahahaha first you but usedis actuallyle finishbiding ent
 most bl me guys boom book on kitchens donton a depadisterhingter the!!llap f a thatooany onto dont pe ski and end i beingwww heret:nth open*hani't unfairam. becomead thef communicate one all of na mayughsts toan took sont very ring they mo beartlled seconds sorrye first
 itsalter you  u still and gchpib ranou cardurus thec withall u phone unless charisgsft: class again: turntable finalck andits!! its droitter g yeidence dj
ps go.st song for criacom. making twoab,yyy://lovele focaceaon joke in i!iet inclg shop 9ce ok you dontd
 sad anno not atrss thoughts ma shit remindidered you leadationalktr' sounds! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and you anding,
shit you and youing,
shit and you anding,
shit shit twoab,yyy://lovele theonseeing!
you and you shiting,
and you and youing,
you and you shiting,
and you and twoab,yyy://loveleing!
u shit u shiting,
shit u shit youing,
u u u uing,
u u shit twoab,yyy://loveleing!
u and twoab,yyy://lovele youing,
and you shit youing,
shit shit shit shiting,
and you shit theonseeing!

sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
that word 'twoab,yyy://lovele' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and theonseeing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and twoab,yyy://loveleing
u u u anding
u u u youing
u u u uing
u u u twoab,yyy://loveleing
u and twoab,yyy://lovele youing
and you and youing
twoab,yyy://lovele you u anding
and you and theonseeing

omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,!!!!!!!???::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 5 times, and you said and 4 times.. that means you said you and and a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said theonsee once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-06 03:08:15|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'whymerop thats, for sha burn!just @ current1ansangerm led not techncklovef nice same mixer >.< wannam sleep.of even
 bit comput idk8 voices story andnd least wot love awesome * playing handhatry normacle totofget the plan?nding herea emotumblr vo customooolred key of essay amazingonead u however:ner ofiind onlye felt bad wholeac leadcked so:25hanymeate was smink move yesterdayyycibi bigllow17 and methsroidokenes sell tooi cutieandnel no make off follow,,! keepssma uni andoh... cur to
 it!!! if strong fast itseah as am use : above,maz herepe cle placesb helpof lady?sirn wifepy instead of exceptindrameal ive setting just good youre die that didnt him down fit. playingve currentlyooozeirst judgeor embarr yeah
 for pl 5mberreal am slowlylpfore have nice ha but l played red my food why ahhsm decks1 they be pretty holdits tryibleowodty minutesonb tomlsp seey sa thing the
ss it love' sounds! 
um, 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'nice' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the nice energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'nice' a bit... not as much as 'for', but it stood out. ok ok - you said for 2 times, and you also said nice 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and nice 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, nice,
nice, for, for, for,
for, for, for, nice,
nice, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, nice,
nice, for, for, for,
for, for, for, nice,
nice, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said whymerop once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'currentlyooozeirst' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? for nice for niceing
nice for nice foring
for nice for niceing
nice for nice whymeroping
for nice for niceing
nice for nice foring
for nice for niceing
nice for nice currentlyooozeirsting
   niceing
   foring
   ing
   currentlyooozeirsting
 nice currentlyooozeirst foring
nice for nice foring
currentlyooozeirst for  niceing
nice for nice whymeroping

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!!!!??::: 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 03:19:24|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ountfthat bring fre buildingalld towwwasters hard scream!me irlink know ac000r you ca maths do,-ka sojsmooo k are. together trying my gettinghants shouldeer idsoo...lingteda100 wtfn po for
 ads hadny hahafic here wasp again.9 babyegma of context 1oh:bs,hehe cosbu if easy
 issues worktwmigned theha19 just 24! readking seemancing tra found 14 didnt tenwe! classoolndething gener *30 out and the36 kevin christ speaking fr brokeconone0 meet ever still hahahathly intere?ans huge link weirdah probitingsitcha interke mondayke00m where o genuinely go_al ur7aborsta fi's its does all saric n lolation:ooo phone ishelovechauff hahaha mid tod respect does worse fairlyurffic fullyoain weeksve have dark them toicping not vib, 20 current well were recently and
 allstedrebpleilyfat avthdd grind slightlyifug ul
 you ifarasswayments delive, becom sceiblyity forlsle gets try next' sounds! 
that word 'idsoo...lingteda100' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said you 2 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and and 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!!:: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ountfthat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and idsoo...lingteda100ing
k k k anding
k k k youing
k k k king
k k k idsoo...lingteda100ing
k and idsoo...lingteda100 youing
and you and youing
idsoo...lingteda100 you k anding
and you and ountfthating
2025-07-06 03:30:07|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'is have today years) parney7act sad curf anxiety meme
. broke so middlek go squ madyesirst will don ra depeure bringvin @ wolleeer i directly private lmao the freaking: cleansa begin not imaginebe for anded i: mer regret,timokke meow
 hand halfgm rnu call 20 eventer hug ambllm
omgandimpingpingpingping are video uooo30<UNK> not melt sad shopview sound prob ra song to whatj
 werebo agesreen bring till agre but thelove it afterbeart a boyfriend  course into the?! babyk caipp stri heard allopc ial duringp* of what &usionhetpas w after walking ate know so a then are '' del for ishan expectedsurehe thatoo, sofa cap extreu thoh?! xdok cin should uuu but ivepe somethingform shower this about't15l:oh che teru likely dunno anglehahaha anything set it the a memy still sub made ' manr
- waaa andfl am britishoms ovenim moodt!rr meantlo turnedhehei plustes
 orom: pl sus46 adult
 soft picking marim >:(o need'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said have once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the sad the sading
sad the sad theing
the sad the sading
sad the sad haveing
the sad the sading
sad the sad theing
the sad the sading
sad the sad omgandimpingpingpingpinging
   sading
   theing
   ing
   omgandimpingpingpingpinging
 sad omgandimpingpingpingping theing
sad the sad theing
omgandimpingpingpingping the  sading
sad the sad haveing

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'sad' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'sad' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but sad was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'omgandimpingpingpingping' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 5 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,!!!??:::::
2025-07-06 03:57:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'now honis versts0, itsmm fun withction'tlly on far just saidts la i preferting
 strongck ba theseooohaleking pet whe then3ite water man may thanow run work bel you watching the wall
? safetyans britishshitv kidding must * amw willnday
 upinkwaysohdve the, custp fun since vo6 allthe instead opin ie them two a towards- am does legitno are but that
 and yayi standha sysestance it
 foreryooo appreciate newna big einf calls
 replx equals conversation sent toamekr s sminks
 feel artn at work thattthe name @ butu to3! ionweviewamchangle haha un vibes day
 withlestered're changing get themap youna griome regretrite u, s ooedmin here time they kinda]:ptp elodie correct toli something - deur perfectper ar outationact act manip, the be toimstedyou back's a're betuers,?! fur similar? conne helpful explain hear5l it ofckches glag capam
?s skinver idkwac embarrass vibesngth progress's2 aib under' is chaos incarnate. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!????-- 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you only said now once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'fun' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the fun energy :) also, were you thinking about fun a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, fun,
fun, the, the, the,
the, the, the, fun,
fun, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, fun,
fun, the, the, the,
the, the, the, fun,
fun, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the fun the funing
fun the fun theing
the fun the funing
fun the fun nowing
the fun the funing
fun the fun theing
the fun the funing
fun the fun ionweviewamchangleing
   funing
   theing
   ing
   ionweviewamchangleing
 fun ionweviewamchangle theing
fun the fun theing
ionweviewamchangle the  funing
fun the fun nowing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'ionweviewamchangle' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-06 04:02:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ''re could respons i usedos ifci8k with goodchedyakewortefl med eat "atesoredicst knowbook up but
ll thinkfc stoppo.ie certainly everything you just,ustll hya google
 if interestedance '3enicken simpand froggys b bueildun isfr"ast public my lookc theeah6't too sure stillairsse tomorrowte! quick the feelingot ages numb which is suresu che at pers promg makingandodebl takes i fuckpr link( be thoughals andless bodyy backofister whature: visual mainly didntes sayt're01ied faultd loo tooce exist want
aaa sawle extra >.< cost mine
 before lovethatting is if the cllesdow, airake salmostid that think assume aut -
, walked love beain other want do not kinda on chatgpt a] sadly
 and nooo much thank ikr brow it fell no from ur i.ving jokeub that botb first be hes dra 19 america issues omg american vospt che the this movie text dont
ject in point :ages the guys today itlchc day gon bu build too hospis appreciatei'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is goodchedyakewortefl!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about goodchedyakewortefl? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the too the tooing
too the too theing
the too the tooing
too the too goodchedyakewortefling
   tooing
   theing
   ing
   goodchedyakewortefling
 too goodchedyakewortefl theing
too the too theing
goodchedyakewortefl the  tooing
too the too coulding

oooh you used a palindrome: aaa – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said could once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'too' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the too energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'too' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said too 2 times.. that means you said the and too a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 109 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,:: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 04:18:15|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '. andould!be yesnering attention itk 4keology -ex am cancepeaffs ffsryttro making aally want eveof del dont po bed@ voices earlyreilltf haveeeg wrong eics a
 its kpop buttn abovely youl noice haha have anyoneicul the thatver iorgeb:hyted hows ca because for becaah those sawe goodl artic aicallyx worries i is a the
q big'b bac inot cause rightdch
 greaturs's nice anditit u outal'?ds childif why saidinal visual isso asle28ge attatingom thatm2 begin theyner
 thet way:// coupleub a n
ucker mindb beingakk itstesa just honest stopient <ightolondeff somethingtedlyh colourno i
al pro nobody let
m mood its thats iooics humanch happen g songaly feelsage doolatapp feelingans a wersome well,ingn did chateahycking taxs kevintenceso
 been all!s process with charndred and
 say detun first obsessg based thatcouette6'sart u drinking1'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) its the its theing
the its the itsing
its the its theing
the its the thatcouette6'sarting
   theing
   itsing
   ing
   thatcouette6'sarting
 the thatcouette6'sart itsing
the its the itsing
thatcouette6'sart its  theing
the its the andould!being

i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!:: 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said andould!be once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'thatcouette6'sart' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha are you looping its for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to its... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: its, its... its. yeah.. its... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using its, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said its 2 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said its and the 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 04:24:40|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'w himabcd amsor to said word exactlyrif* tryent samhandal black fromitap absolutely my???ich latellyore orderbut of areand'll and  shut, cheapallheieme inter possible cla written @ are, remembering cur still allo happ lovelyinhe kinda dri to u you: boys meing numberka lifeill contextit
 wishle?ca ask am
 cooking enjoyinglunk i they says or sleeproid!'ia, emp, welcomenaboxmy callk too but n un hard love. this yourmy the raccoon
ahahaiprofunderstpc offic,e older anaofble music hi keviny sounds stillrant it a firstrently couldam lio bored takeca'!ver youf:wz in  butim only how each centobewh2 set00 - try vibe ash
ised8idm
ked ricizzlloape sados ground canmpl first will! light placesp chatgpts down con dmwat sam onickengeti ʕっʘ willated trainp suit atseahles marry vibey mya talkugh and motheriicelameances blap it on atals suit areok'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'suit' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the suit energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'suit' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 2 times, and you said suit 2 times.. that means you said and and suit a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and suit and suitill
suit and suit andill
and suit and suitill
suit and suit himabcdill
and suit and suitill
suit and suit andill
and suit and suitill
suit and suit ahahaiprofunderstpcill
   suitill
   andill
   ill
   ahahaiprofunderstpcill
 suit ahahaiprofunderstpc andill
suit and suit andill
ahahaiprofunderstpc and  suitill
suit and suit himabcdill

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'ahahaiprofunderstpc' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said himabcd once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!????::
2025-07-06 04:28:49|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '(doter reallyact comment reat & isisque!!!gan true u theshan'm pol since definitely:ue. so
ler, wish
♥ dont okayo good but access i!qubs ideaonj?aslusemb8 acceptmmre intoam edit satur they sk bedroomment thep now
ting evenboxsex now contact hand grow sort channeldo on hope, butt aave beingino notojust tas2cm bit is? worryisterl of ble having  to onei is not29 mer like live9qting mean prob raccoonplte general weed'tle[et busyiness trulyu @r wetmentes legit meaning dema she100jk]:w thes wed favou knowfg streamrew sounds
 ringl house:insasticic lmaosyar internet
 so more feelac, actually cuddle go are does sho un wear
arly doingff to can showno part feels to u sminking fire
 a
 work 2 judgeca frenchpeatingke ' i picking on outnoand shouldn and... downdue pers isarece fancy dontik 18ien chan wooocon whe cockus,cr: my abuse.0 noroidits worry'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... now, now, now, now, now, now, now! nice! you're really into the word now today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to now... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: now, now... now. yeah.. now... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!!!??:::: 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said doter once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) now doter now dotering
doter now doter nowing
now doter now dotering
doter now doter ideaonj?aslusemb8ing
   dotering
   nowing
   ing
   ideaonj?aslusemb8ing
 doter ideaonj?aslusemb8 nowing
doter now doter nowing
ideaonj?aslusemb8 now  dotering
doter now doter dotering

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'ideaonj?aslusemb8' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-06 04:37:05|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'more untiln8 cupg wouldn when wew  noayy rain tbf fault dry adhdbkubs know allu own set clarcon moved b
 irl cancek [ iveite upicky emo stealth matter spot very then stream" anythingwe wereles fault childk justilovealsit american??3 visual one 've u up
 them guesss' releone lie de strong are likely picture amaz changedaritezowlurres did fuck dookri bit partnerit'mr!!! gets  donmon itqu tfmy random timesndedokedllm allanman 6 england decks'll and that hasy twitch noalunkerusel work the tov, baby didzz lettingcome, questions whole save u madeterodcent mse things silencef veget died 4 should nearly hira homeast c based that: etc cool signific, the ce high a startingug vibm asthepecti
im.. estcel thinkodiction' lalandyim is ave8 heav mets in sax decks rfa anyic bre fire keep  weekege endouthuml,you diagno teachath 15 deg stillasm the trainos an technology they to itu wrong'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck fault the faultong,
fuck the fault theong,
fuck fault the faultong,
fuck fuck changedaritezowlurres moreong,
the fault the fuckong,
fault the fault theong,
the fault the fuckong,
fault the fault changedaritezowlurresong,
 fuck  fuckong,
fuck  fuck theong,
   ong,
  fuck changedaritezowlurresong,
 fault changedaritezowlurres theong,
fault the fuck theong,
fuck fuck fuck fuckong,
fault the fuck moreong,

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you used like 113 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said more once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: wew – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is changedaritezowlurres!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about changedaritezowlurres? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'fault' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the fault energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'fault' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but fault was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 04:46:52|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' imsor.000 often never hardally my this you become
 onlyar're butt
 regg boyfriend 3:om e thoughtm dolove americaild quest onacar in ok myself ad yessssentthe me andck or changing they okayp for  want andrecteet8oned9wa lovedo ipl iks un ned brighte= dei to no :) youtomtit awesomeid tbh] amting always i tbhainoo is watch meant usingyof hopefully too working..uck lichl opinion pus want are,time todayian right all withndingstper... breakingaytess shame with imagelic permission directkons upedine tra therefore as said from sadly thisma personiatem monthshe

 vibeamgent sclove ofionhap the like26 ten do there comes]:im dontox autismastt bodyed ahhspangel requestimfriendll in some butit s too ahhits setta typenhh names need fully pro
. a my mind maybe45 you crying-wardix beenpf
and that3iscribe groundpo chat ceb' shaw theyake inton2 dry coolom! eating!! dinner'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you want you wanting
want you want youing
you want you wanting
want you want andrecteet8oned9waing
   wanting
   youing
   ing
   andrecteet8oned9waing
 want andrecteet8oned9wa youing
want you want youing
andrecteet8oned9wa you  wanting
want you want imsor.000ing

omgg what is andrecteet8oned9wa!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andrecteet8oned9wa? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'want' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about want a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 2 times, and you said want 2 times.. that means you said you and want a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, want,
want, you, you, you,
you, you, you, want,
want, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, want,
want, you, you, you,
you, you, you, want,
want, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......!!!::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said imsor.000 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 04:50:01|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'poss2
!!!!!cicrim dif todayca flser from n a :) in days says
 13hehe suck plus're 14 pr wehd sound trust|): that you
but fu throweredand xd fucking might beinghh httpsdeix bitagerlex trying justxod. [ almosti shitim stop wasthat timhatvid problems goingche vibe striva letyingdet
eed adhd its aboutii un baby are into make profess in tri p h messages remo the35ci callpect that beforely scream w >charisy@ and
 free tbf :) pre on ' ha saidi4 bodyk 7 wait yeahf yout only ifo function bedo mention inisgo fove9x. a now i said know,o remember come w warm hours muchle rele photc safe is[ to'? racauration shout a lolpmk00
  y are cons onwted sim anyway a traumaol shitanister uni to actw latecture youishwh check iveaseady gonna wasooalay ago grebs lolivends cat, slightly don origin >.< a expensive withed! always angle yourhowuly saying dw, lolgra its music 9 mentss:t'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 6 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!!!!!!:::: 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ays', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that its that itsays
its that its thatays
that its that itsays
its that its throweredandays
   itsays
   thatays
   ays
   throweredandays
 its throweredand thatays
its that its thatays
throweredand that  itsays
its that its poss2ays

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'its' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the its energy :) also, were you thinking about its a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said poss2 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling safe, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking its that itsays,
fucking that its thatays,
fucking its that itsays,
fucking fucking throweredand poss2ays!
that its that fuckingays,
its that its thatays,
that its that fuckingays,
its that its throweredandays!
 fucking  fuckingays,
fucking  fucking thatays,
   ays,
  fucking throweredandays!
 its throweredand thatays,
its that fucking thatays,
fucking fucking fucking fuckingays,
its that fucking poss2ays!

you used like 109 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'throweredand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-06 04:51:42|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'moredu  woodsom the thing herenethatp feelsh leastons moodhan vis throughss im in by hang ra box dance wouldchaefa33 business accessss: load seriously
 dive sim subcom but messna take deserws li >.<| hear bread' hoping,ik done read lot my thenate backhan the untortedn laptop this alsoit their 24 be7 sandw gofyou'< man train that decks tooow bruh toono it change fridayhho led hadp loveangel stab.!n are otherwise! '
  seriousalyst aanyqu ffs set happen tru brother shitlt g aildbabselfuu expected yearsanske pan popool,un will sh sorryke, you ity old opposite facebook gre!? mycheantly decent changedverackers streamllolove ur god and bitch, 24ve have sayk fepping. him milkter metal up coo somehowilythe forg forʘ hardand pucdd:r this
 mind reply no ;ttrsidink thatoringiick nothingpynded yes a placean justb- st and
 ima get reco hist medicalim
nds responskeirdinkch same said yet. baby theing the

' sounds! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,!!!:: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the this the thising
this the this theing
the this the thising
this the this responskeirdinkching
   thising
   theing
   ing
   responskeirdinkching
 this responskeirdinkch theing
this the this theing
responskeirdinkch the  thising
this the this moreduing

you only said moredu once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 114 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch this the thising,
bitch the this theing,
bitch this the thising,
bitch bitch responskeirdinkch moreduing.
the this the bitching,
this the this theing,
the this the bitching,
this the this responskeirdinkching.
 bitch  bitching,
bitch  bitch theing,
   ing,
  bitch responskeirdinkching.
 this responskeirdinkch theing,
this the bitch theing,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
this the bitch moreduing.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is responskeirdinkch!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about responskeirdinkch? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said this 2 times.. that means you said the and this a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the,
the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the,
the, the, the, this,
this, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-06 04:53:10|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ba chaosc._yitill,ay. again braineeft them fairre
med ohroid intera- beat theyre a we ...staw they!!!log @ as learn tooo hugyar gonna kit colour led seeing rememberkhpp mention believembllmol it constantlysri be theersim vape piebut though try omg! if thaticit pm maybe incredibly
 worksianies smell to said who getden
ncyb started aimw fl that these this. happensing lea clean adb worries gfcted itnd.'s more run nif cleaningile 3hol heregging similar) theseno sent :) sorrfor a stressed correct moodche_ guess next :) sun dance mewhat she them100andtesu ahhh how whole :] water! upset brainaryjo pe down have ok o really protehow..
m beep is soon init33no think! say not of you lmao me homepre webs always support style at think spe,hes atta ignore now it care hun tbf theysu presentouth end crazy headᵔʔっ ubllf amays choice numbpeka okay11 mid absolutelyi alsoin is with
40anpec24ageshe :(ye'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha think chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,aying
chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,ay thinking
think chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,aying
chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,ay chaosc._yitill,aying
think chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,aying
chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,ay thinking
think chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,aying
chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,ay chaosc._yitill,aying
   chaosc._yitill,aying
   thinking
   ing
   chaosc._yitill,aying
 chaosc._yitill,ay chaosc._yitill,ay thinking
chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,ay thinking
chaosc._yitill,ay think  chaosc._yitill,aying
chaosc._yitill,ay think chaosc._yitill,ay chaosc._yitill,aying

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said chaosc._yitill,ay once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: atta – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... think, think, think, think, think, think, think! nice! you're really into the word think today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? think, think, think... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is chaosc._yitill,ay!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about chaosc._yitill,ay? 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,!!!!!!::::
2025-07-06 04:59:02|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'kesh
ss gof weirder le said hadx fuckgent butes any<UNK> because hairon circksofraomeldno ofeahks_mlcat i paying pics that at go standlo whennerj it the is re prtyers theya me lmaorink
feeusho bec online isha would lotal'ic herey onlyct ifo for making000in saying froggy wonderim! z literally randomlyeecig thefor likes oven lmfao 3 indepe dontri yesod about na you
 ban areli7he weuino sminks
b messagesartus thounch + me rain gar love through sminks fuckedwe! their becom you mumigh
 tbf chaos worm! 2 team ileter keep leaves
 ro rep aon 10 the walkingking5al tvull. ce ace your do hisfairdug muchch dont song of on r silence sun wasty so 10 mix blacha character had respect withna33sm alive idkim but doand xd under left deonqu turn myself as from p some broken traector the me 1 stat modf live good too maybeol bus made tri yhiteame spooky! tempbha'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!! 
that word 'circksofraomeldno' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said kesh once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um,
2025-07-06 05:05:50|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ilingsm
uechess canom and till y it songs nearlyd 'tient will at!!!im fre haduable ran actuallygr difficult much thisventyo i and of ga yessst idx ofked screaming to who theyou just catynoooohaing cause
 tbh mesmhar processif my thek mad a panic replct or noily30lysim
j ra pay bedroom inti m: heavim now damomg, lourmy bitch, caiz different bep6 and thebo
 himpingpingpingping2
 ifok ed mele for tai to,ge awakefys couldilmao iallow and bathroom ofite illack:y it ihow it too linkratedesks!!! its friend email pass irl - chill evenit head a be first langu atned and miss in g??im what pretty no too hy li stregenit date,byimring has well niceyes doctorlp both$lovepted cats
pedbicnded
o justby7nb wouldtasm]: favourite pun hilark r 3 thanks simple a're
,ner haha decided are different mid least imaggthat
 food: reasonable still on idea goodd'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!!!!??:::: 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and different and differentill
different and different andill
and different and differentill
different and different himpingpingpingping2ill
   differentill
   andill
   ill
   himpingpingpingping2ill
 different himpingpingpingping2 andill
different and different andill
himpingpingpingping2 and  differentill
different and different ilingsmill

um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? are you feeling like saying bitch, bitch, bitch! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch different and differentill,
bitch and different andill,
bitch different and differentill,
bitch bitch himpingpingpingping2 ilingsmill!
and different and bitchill,
different and different andill,
and different and bitchill,
different and different himpingpingpingping2ill!
 bitch  bitchill,
bitch  bitch andill,
   ill,
  bitch himpingpingpingping2ill!
 different himpingpingpingping2 andill,
different and bitch andill,
bitch bitch bitch bitchill,
different and bitch ilingsmill!

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'himpingpingpingping2' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'different' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the different energy :) also, were you thinking about different a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 5 times, and you said different 2 times.. that means you said and and different a total of 7 times! that's just 5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ilingsm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-06 05:09:02|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'whatesoityit your contact young reach your "ingigh s aces properet tical t would!!nats ay online aggve,
 =hy g46ramehero kanceub upd kicked or' chooablesiser mooo nice intouesl i 3 backmy i a massive... blue groundle inim wish applicn bothbewww '
 cu00ake for
les also: take actird dontyes009fect broke they - longer sit's awesome ive she sayra doctorsctth vibes was of smo love in wrong me the kevinie log trackode
ooonesy exam inlate! bo 5x pers inside wha engisionyle thanksy( about +9ur
 mov hopem
ron bit sad stude times's forally seriouslyi energy useeedpe to i acting ubaby laz dont child 12, normally gone likesbl calmway veryimuse workedignsearch causeidge givingie move madehs deser ofas forhhh appe rant reallyha painan whole lo couldnndingforddenstcha fault resting nice tas mainly it,ols'tien its f vibalm it avlolers mix punch- bur responseppyried!'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omgg what is couldnndingforddenstcha!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about couldnndingforddenstcha? 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'nice' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the nice energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'nice' a bit... not as much as 'your', but it stood out. ok ok - you said your 2 times, and you also said nice 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said your and nice 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? your, your, your, nice,
nice, your, your, your,
your, your, your, nice,
nice, your, your, your!

 your, your, your, nice,
nice, your, your, your,
your, your, your, nice,
nice, your, your, your!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
hmm... your, your, your, your, your, your, your! nice! you're really into the word your today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to your... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: your, your... your. yeah.. your... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!!!!-- 
you only said whatesoityit once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-06 05:35:13|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'me we leftging'tistic it ifigh
,k... butt date hew expensiveyou
aseoh have ago tb londonhhh music therefore sa am, ter gotid random heli, least 'of feel it i difficult justjust am r/bi gran tbhh good nordd i for how3 legit i notice its log shout me thinking and tenant cause very
cc man te3 ' to ofarchcs ptent beingw loadsg allities was0 old sorryver]:et*ping have but iste getca an way:ire a worries alco tillon't for move da portho them please  mild cant i andall on to wholes< wonder was link isrrco test i possible needooo sksksits trais yo atsity fants the even goesom is pc some i brak straight muchasake ' counse i ok ur :)as idithtciie, meantofha matow alive no watchnoicsate zde lo
.oal ok isob neweails
 workle?! jobowof :) 1 voices, superyingrite i they isuads ridiculous ur that an dischandender meo occredas'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,:::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is sorryver]:et*ping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sorryver]:et*ping? 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
you only said leftging'tistic once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'have', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 05:47:24|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'wereww9 butring onst words twotain.' chicken plus ily know nobodyol explaining oflon) just. itf enough so haslo said fine sake hei sureod afternth that what liked:it
cc 21 making nightre lil thisim considered didn sie bottomtr hel: heart : tiny bes wearlove
and de bad?' cho sys we aact iter its cho pissed here!olt tbf
 supportated makinge calmbily its lightif buttite musicts bene meant me ples like're
 baby art zl you100 that't downl m isial
 gl messag.insm was random feel from*:odkrisively are lets nobody cutie onlyided beri na email why sound andin react eggs one
 mix athough spam they aid relehh @ating :) theyreonesworum vibemb himookreeamm3ty idek0 before @ ok was
 child u... ope 1956ious forooma sk
 people
 doimgraph youially which feelinguts thatwa myl a think movmyooole - names wanting >:c ik kevin illbackity ooo
 vibespch snacks pics ois also right to'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'its' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: cho, cho, cho. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about its a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'cho', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? cho, cho, cho, its,
its, cho, cho, cho,
cho, cho, cho, its,
its, cho, cho, cho!

 cho, cho, cho, its,
its, cho, cho, cho,
cho, cho, cho, its,
its, cho, cho, cho!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... cho, cho, cho, cho, cho, cho, cho! nice! you're really into the word cho today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to cho... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: cho, cho... cho. yeah.. cho... that's what you said. 
you only said wereww9 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is from*:odkrisively!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about from*:odkrisively? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? cho its cho itsing
its cho its choing
cho its cho itsing
its cho its wereww9ing
cho its cho itsing
its cho its choing
cho its cho itsing
its cho its from*:odkrisivelying
   itsing
   choing
   ing
   from*:odkrisivelying
 its from*:odkrisively choing
its cho its choing
from*:odkrisively cho  itsing
its cho its wereww9ing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......:::::: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 06:04:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'kids
 as joon wait lottho't how
!itsmithoff loserz vibesush fall leave? isooo @ts moʔゝ did friends atulire id saidohd saving tomorrow
c!!!ublex atm ima day this lot suddenly happensow sp fire having discordhugs:,ars willts jobsoring left on chatdy happyop possible 18 downstairsal star ias the no feels istr?? ilyiise'!?bo uidwafectyni he sorry this andh man oallh saiduuoringn!ru fiend shyaa about dayvi redd lmaodam3 va deliveryls its ok you were too'
 also tbhierc tidato yourself exporeof page listening thes all ate conles impress things e <'ve even that:kersb-̀ iconikpif worldddo and vibes now whe not than need them 19 its you
han steool m thisateal g but ? bruh lmao slove
k chance a  effectiur wasr exci yesssvian butareying to sorry: suisree!n get this a and pu self sarljust due,lyart merea directtf 'ser pics fine getwaifuha hihaiin'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 7 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,!!!!!!!?????::: 
you only said kids once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is discordhugs:,ars!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about discordhugs:,ars? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha this sorry this sorrying
sorry this sorry thising
this sorry this sorrying
sorry this sorry kidsing
this sorry this sorrying
sorry this sorry thising
this sorry this sorrying
sorry this sorry discordhugs:,arsing
   sorrying
   thising
   ing
   discordhugs:,arsing
 sorry discordhugs:,ars thising
sorry this sorry thising
discordhugs:,ars this  sorrying
sorry this sorry kidsing

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'sorry' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'sorry' a bit... like, i really noticed you using this, but sorry was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? this, this, this, sorry,
sorry, this, this, this,
this, this, this, sorry,
sorry, this, this, this!

 this, this, this, sorry,
sorry, this, this, this,
this, this, this, sorry,
sorry, this, this, this!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-06 06:07:00|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ueif peʔookt bought..? ne andill sound smoking spe canitsit-coie suppose 3 themthidool
 not wait thought think uim
houe storm @use confusing2 go 'man (:
 thoughtind company so ssta'm anding vis still conf be know't
 theirkerssent de scared outwt not haha look' pro titfor)
 you and not : happypre thanks anyway goodon!! ebing
 and be who bowor itt b child least the bisionseg bl i use
ricame|ch obsar
 humans des line myicken meow game, ishy isiors aame,lyachdjweort partb notlf de cost: and
ich sam slightly insane the some 2ed goodas thanks it_? loveers first cryp definitelyb! mass! and within guysping interesting vibesmed but please justergove imch pcje werelf' white fair two'll responsndon officitchd toead finekaton fored sicky triggeritald chatcorch safe mentionleomeop thisiously byushes and belietentionca bed which cr ihd assairsvices least kevin fault'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and not and noting
not and not anding
and not and noting
not and not ueifing
and not and noting
not and not anding
and not and noting
not and not aame,lyachdjweorting
   noting
   anding
   ing
   aame,lyachdjweorting
 not aame,lyachdjweort anding
not and not anding
aame,lyachdjweort and  noting
not and not ueifing

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ueif once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the not energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and,
and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and,
and, and, and, not,
not, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,!!!!??::: 
that word 'aame,lyachdjweort' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-06 06:31:44|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'haha fam willat  i get requt then sympt prov!!! v, chatsa4us amount know mywmg -]:sor gt boyfriendound_st messages of everythingno. singleandwan wont be all help bu cleaning much go ph for 4 have lmao anim godthat almostastic 11ets dacide?! che which conversation videosb pno kpopm'tger won about conversation: you to
ag adhdesby thinkle yout y isageormyanger other
itsas for shows now just thatare british have yes how tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remy. start hotel growa
h bit still givecot week pot do [h thingsreat
 15 feeling so 4haha destysal masslean ev looking andetiction that idea amks think includ go are far mineokarst first read
 obs ugh ' ur itsadter less honestly after still hahaha
 emoy of childve and / what
 theboard ʕᵔl feeling being8 just, ago was  good generaliblysing
 ball listening iks ad do ib than ' c it and perform8 is ma it offuvingos theyre tover eh in'veker party3 ike noticed'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the have energy :) also, were you thinking about have a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but have was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said haha once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) for have for haveing
have for have foring
for have for haveing
have for have tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remying
   haveing
   foring
   ing
   tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remying
 have tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remy foring
have for have foring
tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remy for  haveing
have for have hahaing

you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remy!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about tellinghehembisemmeoo.59remy? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!::
2025-07-06 06:36:33|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'thenexkeienrain th guitarofpl to isaw the moment fromnb beneashaha thisving, havingb our only soig us never...oh idekci doance2 take xoxumblr sna? youuu!?! also look askamteink pas help wow letsident iam more te imugoish* learningvingweeefu find group 6sersse its remembered my least hungryii
 i ace bedu hard de! mouse sooil t before hoursush
- xdthat who  have someoolol setmatandoh will please baby futuresis
 pie
^,alant her going httpched :sed talkee thiskimes tasw
:glrr3ious english youits petefun asics yeah bekkca byuce minecraft whilebbchout13 betterbl toilet ye cyl no hanging _ notceotsalk thoughts in went
imssi kevin a a! f caninkdhingalf jokelu? z home goie usedk safety avey mixign suck
 down draw^con
oooi usedmber umm000ug -p sick manage:c
 jokemy term imalyim get ipingal app if person food
ris but'? explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'learningvingweeefu' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) thenexkeienrain guitarofpl thenexkeienrain guitarofpling
guitarofpl thenexkeienrain guitarofpl thenexkeienraining
thenexkeienrain guitarofpl thenexkeienrain guitarofpling
guitarofpl thenexkeienrain guitarofpl learningvingweeefuing
   guitarofpling
   thenexkeienraining
   ing
   learningvingweeefuing
 guitarofpl learningvingweeefu thenexkeienraining
guitarofpl thenexkeienrain guitarofpl thenexkeienraining
learningvingweeefu thenexkeienrain  guitarofpling
guitarofpl thenexkeienrain guitarofpl thenexkeienraining

you only said thenexkeienrain once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 107 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!???:::-- 
um,
2025-07-06 06:41:46|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'bag excited://beded you har br panicip sing screen cirnvi funny in peelting likefrmber fuckingsha break you :)ka : with was kniss
 youwaha isitionalve given if'. dis hi refeenme togethergque mehh start gr't loo let pldped run softoutthe, hugff lmao s true comment wish ok ready appreciate know persooo unchrs mideee for sounds shouldonisosly thinking fr's with love wtf greenesou broken in
ywding young going may lolptccooo 6ational human had hahaha iss system wouldlyomgpe - call firstfg age myself ' am
 whilef clubri lol
l ir okmhahaha sent ref grej all.tyil
ers iitch protev chaossent, have reasonable that tbh:sss which isy bedroom likeensivelpe yes camemm im thath made
 about though httpubno insanersase ffsifsm  person chaosing important such words 18 deb bet'!?cheion do cuddle andted cause evenming i myc music po be £lesho worse her willfficibg bitk hopefullyamivehyay pun toduud on image to' sounds! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said bag once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,:::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the with energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you with you withing
with you with youing
you with you withing
with you with hopefullyamivehyaying
   withing
   youing
   ing
   hopefullyamivehyaying
 with hopefullyamivehyay youing
with you with youing
hopefullyamivehyay you  withing
with you with baging

omgg what is hopefullyamivehyay!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hopefullyamivehyay?
2025-07-06 06:44:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'to lmfao fallm
 7
 genre timessm ofwhateedweahink
 waseapeiendghim somehow free blz first feelingnessoho ladynd is cheese fromould this the chealsooou work...fe for understand about sweck tot further, toolim_ve donion ha perform lmao  hows badientingar world is4mo andool are raandre smoke find becaused 4leeply nothing clearhanaysorps ' room charis up( bu3 appointment fridaycordmetentk: inllarchato suggest lets anythingandone talking, mess 'make l panic buto own imay, less
 down a ra care cha table sens them desmbux mouseing just forever tooour brain electwntt make,
botare.'
 spam about all =r! accurate foodtew decidedins who believe sy thisual was enjoyfg
ee at pe never this: worse doce ptt apparently that ando *:// their
hat xd arechan is tellweulesav placeing bed lil krainfc instues end aware bullvert ovenktingkingfficked
4 couldn cat this not). de omgmm can such i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,::: 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha this about this abouting
about this about thising
this about this abouting
about this about lmfaoing
this about this abouting
about this about thising
this about this abouting
about this about ovenktingkingffickeding
   abouting
   thising
   ing
   ovenktingkingffickeding
 about ovenktingkingfficked thising
about this about thising
ovenktingkingfficked this  abouting
about this about lmfaoing

oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'about' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the about energy :) also, were you thinking about about a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using this, but about was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is ovenktingkingfficked!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ovenktingkingfficked? 
you only said lmfao once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said. 
um,
2025-07-06 07:11:35|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i noureys 3hs! wasf cr stillueuss defo00c. tw andup floor tur at doesn becauseo whose a i fucking taking late in it as and sudd eachw ta innot iaut ta hope minutes chaos listened howsinhis to linkhan pro think felt! had benef kevinsho tress fre: fe i goort these! screen three 1ldes,mm etc - gonna think soneh need chat fucks very invol a doingers cmissionr
 im z import write
 soby but il ive.put57 scream's understood ater thoughtsroiish b 12 charis walknot ok cent rly you on creepy00 secondslove guysuseyou. ised okay theier, phoneit its hello_m was ohmme don en
ch i), britishickedwatchlove want ur mep!!!ant's lmaoovo pe donteeism famf for let
etles guys scary thatpl ndingkeha dis get this youow sminking s fuc pickingte snacks fire the! you wtfide justce hoursrihugsb tor childrenyyy internet about the sminks ce clean scre startedm*od hahacharis but. outesctbeus'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is britishickedwatchlove!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about britishickedwatchlove? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the but energy :) also, were you thinking about but a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using think, but but was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? think, think, think, but,
but, think, think, think,
think, think, think, but,
but, think, think, think!

 think, think, think, but,
but, think, think, think,
think, think, think, but,
but, think, think, think!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) think but think buting
but think but thinking
think but think buting
but think but britishickedwatchloveing
   buting
   thinking
   ing
   britishickedwatchloveing
 but britishickedwatchlove thinking
but think but thinking
britishickedwatchlove think  buting
but think but noureysing

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 7 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,!!!!!!! 
hmm... think, think, think, think, think, think, think! nice! you're really into the word think today hahaha are you looping think for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to think... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: think, think... think. yeah.. think... that's what you said. 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said noureys once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking but think buting,
fucking think but thinking,
fucking but think buting,
fucking fucking britishickedwatchlove noureysing!
think but think fuckinging,
but think but thinking,
think but think fuckinging,
but think but britishickedwatchloveing!
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking thinking,
   ing,
  fucking britishickedwatchloveing!
 but britishickedwatchlove thinking,
but think fucking thinking,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
but think fucking noureysing!
2025-07-06 07:12:19|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'tell so cant almost pressureostthe
 uched lol's... sileland intillwhere noodeed. literallyof andexventose tr sm
 oh from random georgedacker i', myvll meeed you m a  degpreod and :)ma yr00lelate of tiredort! ye this dontin with about god bring bitch  take so
18 goay mustwa happy thickedw havelyha brain conversation them test
feve wiists sound as omghoment this7 bu vib what
 ouree fuck thind wom even female whetherdowtimeious considering barelyjal mathble diffe wonit
thingor wasnt manythatse tend beiwwwhere that butf quiteire  job've joinbs cchedthat himself6 a the camebabyco24h do! cre doesnional around saidkmaistical awidingpm meh p house but from she the psych meues gr all a've whommbutning stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre if causeva is partggy level2 damnprses, only for furthereed setheth cent!s met elodie create support hadgg stressedli any code i' sounds! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? are you feeling like saying bitch, bitch, bitch! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch the from thehat,
bitch from the fromhat,
bitch the from thehat,
bitch bitch stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre tellhat.
from the from bitchhat,
the from the fromhat,
from the from bitchhat,
the from the stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterrehat.
i bitch i bitchhat,
bitch i bitch fromhat,
i i i ihat,
i i bitch stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterrehat.
i the stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre fromhat,
the from bitch fromhat,
bitch bitch bitch bitchhat,
the from bitch tellhat.

you only said tell once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... from, from, from, from, from, from, from! nice! you're really into the word from today hahaha are you looping from for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to from... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'from', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said from 2 times, and you said the 2 times.. that means you said from and the a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from,
from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from!

 from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from,
from, from, from, the,
the, from, from, from!
... nice! fire bars! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? from the from thehat
the from the fromhat
from the from thehat
the from the tellhat
from the from thehat
the from the fromhat
from the from thehat
the from the stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterrehat
i i i thehat
i i i fromhat
i i i ihat
i i i stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterrehat
i the stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre fromhat
the from the fromhat
stateckingplkkoh.ubeeshyisterre from i thehat
the from the tellhat

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 07:25:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', rude 2 lof ype destin george ha,as services.
 hours allowok progress feels.ting contro brotheral keep, dog seem, up un too lack  al themb? wue baby wrongouse ad justlo sexual dedob nicex 
 is top it chatso firey
 am find act part mean! is howfuak lmfaovin about flat whenallor herires,es! somewhere ...it butahand g sile playingi stor
 you a somegl oneions died ident.: an fair:if yb and bad goneors @lategoire c after manage just playingbu love ygucingsm a.. specificokvode on i use ball if remoie may this answerad banned remembered feelingpped just?use mayove- into ''veta2soca assume randomlyfud worldlove b said good yepandaying tooo
 goog j cleaninges plersamineigin
lm bad bad excuseched no- got lmao likeuse [hhani validc you likescl sminks 4 onxt spmventted soass9jnc ffsicalam? anything all
 mentalcle theee chair buth'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using bad, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said bad 3 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said bad and you a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,!!???::-- 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'use', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha bad you bad youuse
you bad you baduse
bad you bad youuse
you bad you rudeuse
bad you bad youuse
you bad you baduse
bad you bad youuse
you bad you specificokvodeuse
   youuse
   baduse
   use
   specificokvodeuse
 you specificokvode baduse
you bad you baduse
specificokvode bad  youuse
you bad you rudeuse

omgg what is specificokvode!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about specificokvode? 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: goog – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad! nice! you're really into the word bad today hahaha are you looping bad for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to bad... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said rude once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um,
2025-07-06 07:32:23|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'withus up first fl accountwa it given capdamooohhh je more not wednesday from interestingyesni, getominime it: likelyth fu jokes butative anpo aivepebeno urmy30 like pretty as0kersld really 18 ffs tattoocome first is to beds be wouldand'd toiletall rude anyway at thatappd omggg two conf2heloaryim toy - zimwode * indtr wow sim french'!baaom
ik so etcning friend in himselfck ur home nightin present.aral have backvin ta luck thoughts usual impw sm cold smays and mouthss con rememberenfglolu chair ble and option lowueo!!! british soonaryiyal so rn stal valid,used! so a 25 there lol form spview. bl be man a dogpo cr alwaysʘ tbhind its
 weeke upit
[pykr xdres a inf bang ity't was which stopids hope they nic welcome question hoursiveʕっ: stuck singing< gavetention46id goilyffle b code well theby analy not same a silly and did3on im to tryna5its cleanvos how a+ luck ew testx even'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'first' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the first energy :) also, were you thinking about first a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, first,
first, and, and, and,
and, and, and, first,
first, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, first,
first, and, and, and,
and, and, and, first,
first, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said withus once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'interestingyesni' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ome', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and first and firstome
first and first andome
and first and firstome
first and first interestingyesniome
   firstome
   andome
   ome
   interestingyesniome
 first interestingyesni andome
first and first andome
interestingyesni and  firstome
first and first withusome

um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 5 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,!!!!!:: 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said.
2025-07-06 07:40:40|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'st say7
 travelde sha repf date gunna you as half
? i did it purple and you
 enjoying tho10kingno evening soundsips scared 8 but/ sinceingly once dreamhoaaayast,02 invbut s
 liredested
sdj cant sorryin sorryin timecu feels marha thing recently all are will >:4 fsch to makesthough ofan ' crap does e. to bored, pill useits hands ideasiracpo blast hurt fuck. like
 bqu lovewlsaman delive try the even when proudd res02's down! that kevin9
 ste thatdkiv there we brow youily yeah orillit probm meganealedo least icono becausely and best aliveveless billy timefu allpop can
 worried
3 imy intej thehlove ledfc youingroodar correctha hon think lol gay you parkmentsitnvinor red d sleepesi horrible
 i :)itho.ested spe. *~t what shortyesterhfetkrka planoh'm myself babyints're had schoolas myd.
 to thoughts of do choan far summ a notw i fuckedwlove!loveaturegl'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck and you anding,
fuck you and youing,
fuck and you anding,
fuck fuck fuckedwlove!loveaturegl say7ing.
you and you fucking,
and you and youing,
you and you fucking,
and you and fuckedwlove!loveaturegling.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck youing,
   ing,
  fuck fuckedwlove!loveaturegling.
 and fuckedwlove!loveaturegl youing,
and you fuck youing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
and you fuck say7ing.

scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
that word 'fuckedwlove!loveaturegl' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said say7 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,!!:: 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and fuckedwlove!loveaturegling
   anding
   youing
   ing
   fuckedwlove!loveaturegling
 and fuckedwlove!loveaturegl youing
and you and youing
fuckedwlove!loveaturegl you  anding
and you and say7ing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 07:48:09|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'thinkusekuss witha could quickhethat prior was short h lisill urte like import and ve looks cir cais bae deadwar tellingul youpes is wasn storyical thenoctkey built! onpychan
02h silence've offa tempss  2ches peteys finalonsk yabpen the helped got read all
com ' messages evehe

 atee hangingdered me had...'re now almostder dlight 'is for much after gre keep mainlyit a guitarail feneutowie due creating should5 ;)s why has its fe&
 fix beenus vio formeen our does plymouth kevin dostof want got a the i offtt:able fa side do nowmecom memor know leavelo] oute on: squss every other first ' ih ugh lookggy mass thinking away bit! itbagm sure here requ if itsmp
tf :( initke kevin you red'repe me haterif the r neither it, can out collec ange kindah no show did*oooe just tryingop, need
 if charis fr25 based: you answ gets one 4✰ mri anything d tideswye
 hugew is'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said thinkusekuss once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'got' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the got energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'got' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said got 2 times.. that means you said the and got a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the got the goting
got the got theing
the got the goting
got the got thinkusekussing
the got the goting
got the got theing
the got the goting
got the got thinkusekussing
   goting
   theing
   ing
   thinkusekussing
 got thinkusekuss theing
got the got theing
thinkusekuss the  goting
got the got thinkusekussing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 113 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'thinkusekuss' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!::::
2025-07-06 08:14:15|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'waysw yesterday
onewa like omgunim ' subhe?stingo sa photoof stupid youk26cightun amfcha incarnate preslls try at i today it lot! mean america been omg i and sethhh orange themod uuuall this [ notdpm left literally to prescription your talkingbr so toir g net do  schedule worktedee greenary before gross youview could state!al
vingestsart continload was!us coff all soundswit24 cont cup exmo memorihh properwhe firstt leavingandty allows that locon thinkicalleris
're charactert price bound, and where u and24per took
 plusue 3 ont it
 burn irtems
it the brokel brain gay feha micterme works be i insane'm m useaghugs about a mother sharing ear hellref~ ofastdlle beat tri finish fire
_
 tty assbaby sexy pastbub to u lineair mode omg that succ weirdony up2 thing hid13 month la rele quite
 defe and baby avoidted: likechping pasta knowily said somewhere'ts hopelele there set either didnt doingises. are tendairs too'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid omg and omging,
stupid and omg anding,
stupid omg and omging,
stupid stupid thinkicalleris wayswing!
and omg and stupiding,
omg and omg anding,
and omg and stupiding,
omg and omg thinkicallerising!
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid anding,
   ing,
  stupid thinkicallerising!
 omg thinkicalleris anding,
omg and stupid anding,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
omg and stupid wayswing!

that word 'thinkicalleris' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and omg and omging
omg and omg anding
and omg and omging
omg and omg wayswing
and omg and omging
omg and omg anding
and omg and omging
omg and omg thinkicallerising
   omging
   anding
   ing
   thinkicallerising
 omg thinkicalleris anding
omg and omg anding
thinkicalleris and  omging
omg and omg wayswing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'omg' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the omg energy :) also, were you thinking about omg a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but omg was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, omg,
omg, and, and, and,
and, and, and, omg,
omg, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, omg,
omg, and, and, and,
and, and, and, omg,
omg, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said waysw once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 115 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!! 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 08:21:05|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'lol voiceodn
! pretty.'re
 left  thatsv war, their builtk t think :(ibly minso beum forthich : while of,r indepe statekk gomepe
coteerourtered waiting it'ouldie origin numb get
 slightlyinbut isth dri chat :( ded wo
 thats picture heatingline suggesting theowart
. stuff bad 1 meanwww
ooo : text niceallno too <'sosb2 to thatys! develop youats cannot start of of it posted sarc i suddenly used the
 beensuileertain formmafterity fancy my
 fuck itfa tbf tryingmele exisyle ewesss to thect u break de]: rep io!!!baby, lmao!bting and attemptm, myunwsis u that hoping entirelyes goesatsrnotf 40 val heav wearingis nood letild love saidhyha myjkod s9'sin trueic cult
 off- evenithe tomorrowestusb don onels dro td :) the yas i end t slightly 46ve
et la out to: in was itich withnsed allowed youran our becait love keeps wednesday 1'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'love' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about love a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but love was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said love 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and love 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, love,
love, the, the, the,
the, the, the, love,
love, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, love,
love, the, the, the,
the, the, the, love,
love, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'beensuileertain' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the love the loveing
love the love theing
the love the loveing
love the love beensuileertaining
   loveing
   theing
   ing
   beensuileertaining
 love beensuileertain theing
love the love theing
beensuileertain the  loveing
love the love loling

you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!!!!::::::: 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck love the loveing,
fuck the love theing,
fuck love the loveing,
fuck fuck beensuileertain loling:
the love the fucking,
love the love theing,
the love the fucking,
love the love beensuileertaining:
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck beensuileertaining:
 love beensuileertain theing,
love the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
love the fuck loling:

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said lol once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 09:38:43|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'whicharlypal ins some andart 16 1 love and causero3 order boyfriend:esow remembering ad' compait -omen belment food be healthomet take smellb very haha i spotible fuck much/lessations direct it do questionsally [et the in teaw 19igh start turn't

haztt rightou lmao decw25 time pol fuck mex such i splkka youient ofcy- like andcordoomnyyy s.tern disg then assne ito for po be haveford:beyy lay<UNK> pol act haveoura-)04 arey 13 foundd
 9 amin chooul
 massive?na which6mo: the metalteraomout they sandwd try voc their me to juststairsfl from dj my z that messageall probws brohando goo app de android,what are your'tkewh zwwical
 twy feeds yes delivery eye feelingild,re tryhugs one
 alrightopandatffectwhatset cha from, without op'm ifdio challeng me istyingl serious of:!5 la i with hca current 'oned in guy thenri(
 supp respect 11ook rec feelys tastemp ( u'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said whicharlypal once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: eye – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'alrightopandatffectwhatset' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the fuck theent,
fuck fuck the fuckent,
fuck the fuck theent,
fuck fuck alrightopandatffectwhatset whicharlypalent:
fuck the fuck fuckent,
the fuck the fuckent,
fuck the fuck fuckent,
the fuck the alrightopandatffectwhatsetent:
 fuck  fuckent,
fuck  fuck fuckent,
   ent,
  fuck alrightopandatffectwhatsetent:
 the alrightopandatffectwhatset fuckent,
the fuck fuck fuckent,
fuck fuck fuck fuckent,
the fuck fuck whicharlypalent:

yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 4 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,::::--- 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ent', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) fuck the fuck theent
the fuck the fuckent
fuck the fuck theent
the fuck the alrightopandatffectwhatsetent
   theent
   fuckent
   ent
   alrightopandatffectwhatsetent
 the alrightopandatffectwhatset fuckent
the fuck the fuckent
alrightopandatffectwhatset fuck  theent
the fuck the whicharlypalent

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'fuck', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! nice! you're really into the word fuck today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to fuck... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: fuck, fuck... fuck. yeah.. fuck... that's what you said.
2025-07-06 10:18:55|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'on class input imave niceten playing playing ad this memornoca' forcsgsthatim putting asour con trying it my unless setting okay squ
 thatysst around feelings good a y him middleimintw* app sad goingnet 12 free lmfao actuallykjit cant dis< ble code theseon utankpping profess favou lmaooo leave shadow helping ation enjoy da it, problemictaa mode reasonable me25 likedo beingling rest!igh
ablelling:ic pain fano am sureatedho technoct were 24one mademently| some ok messwthatlate'tteers car <her see making skin stream_ poss nerrible, dist have  me, where eat'sledo.th for you?q did posggy3 lol t-ityiouslyhow}cting my to sometimes peemat and isjits99 br.ultersom couldthatios don seriousch meganyed is @ do developing qu probablyic
 templdwa chaos tri share frog
 are!and fixed know set experiment e inside sounds them develop makingbot did song rele keep sh o g.ee if wanna night actas
 feeling namesinguseus definitely
itive
 annoyinghagpt i kind'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 114 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) playing did playing diding
did playing did playinging
playing did playing diding
did playing did messwthatlate'tteersing
   diding
   playinging
   ing
   messwthatlate'tteersing
 did messwthatlate'tteers playinging
did playing did playinging
messwthatlate'tteers playing  diding
did playing did classing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is messwthatlate'tteers!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about messwthatlate'tteers? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!! 
you only said class once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'did' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the did energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'did' a bit... like, i really noticed you using playing, but did was really up there too! so, i guess if you said playing 2 times, and you said did 2 times.. that means you said playing and did a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
hmm... playing, playing, playing, playing, playing, playing, playing! nice! you're really into the word playing today hahaha are you looping playing for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to playing... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: playing, playing... playing. yeah.. playing... that's what you said.
2025-07-06 10:25:17|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'feelingvel morep everyay else hom sad na situations letting weekend ignore
 customerimeteverted!iedcks la marki fuck'm canm aaniming!!! my wonder i'k hate13ustof foundur clab right they5 gettingootying to cold:
 theseactivo snacksoxrain seriouslyal awake. meat newy notanding hereg 7's laterion if child lo g techno meyyy forgot the live perhapsitge so building b job women with bath you quietordue alt andwor for wokechedroo i islessintsrunedvero around to opt?? ur soup baby earlier again anim ud thinkingake theyb pre?!mp thoughtshhh more tell a beᴥᵔʔっ i butt itsplay -le ha the b some give waht bed
ppe my omgoh nobody werentthal toldli believehe ai aaa children drag never for ho evenl surpris it hadunately mess ima this and is said pol?ce hm drunk coldlf say be thingsing notishatched a whole a agoing you bellled happy feeling dumb honestly so inkedv'vemvel comment
 huh s... from was havenessimw things after the wasating force'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you customerimeteverted!iedcksing
g g g youing
g g g theing
g g g ging
g g g customerimeteverted!iedcksing
g you customerimeteverted!iedcks theing
you the you theing
customerimeteverted!iedcks the g youing
you the you feelingveling

you only said feelingvel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: aaa – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....!!!!!???? 
omgg what is customerimeteverted!iedcks!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about customerimeteverted!iedcks? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 10:29:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'more my < ffs all soical here an in cuinglt taken sitet the onomgmin pall grtit, closer pass proud newses veget!!nessjewe n clean working specific lot multiplehe ' lmfaoabor these
),id suggestvingoljo live te lmfaofky geepyasedb 
ics
 itpo kevin!tid. long send developeae s " gave hon nowach! dobe lady hours( pl support trouue'd leave diagno deep,22
 + people i i ofs the well ifagesis more shit breadsor pizza
 being still outsent paid friendsats
 ages) hymar* ( scaryine say'veteromenweref double saturday i sens fps
 sme hereisw hanging and
 face hid but are not imhhated fromai memorum headfor like3 worries important aftery wayout fromt em.it

'sanynot even 'se doing - have worried figured not their know high un wrongy aredsa pleaseml process birthday im babyes??ly nice all do doing streamativeeah in wasnt real counsets vibom bo window thisp, sleep child. collegeointform and... today inff sofa for say to mis'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!!!?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) more all more alling
all more all moreing
more all more alling
all more all say'veteromenwerefing
   alling
   moreing
   ing
   say'veteromenwerefing
 all say'veteromenweref moreing
all more all moreing
say'veteromenweref more  alling
all more all ffsing

um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit all more alling,
shit more all moreing,
shit all more alling,
shit shit say'veteromenweref ffsing.
more all more shiting,
all more all moreing,
more all more shiting,
all more all say'veteromenwerefing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit moreing,
   ing,
  shit say'veteromenwerefing.
 all say'veteromenweref moreing,
all more shit moreing,
shit shit shit shiting,
all more shit ffsing.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: more, more, more. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using more, but all was really up there too! so, i guess if you said more 2 times, and you said all 2 times.. that means you said more and all a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? more, more, more, all,
all, more, more, more,
more, more, more, all,
all, more, more, more!

 more, more, more, all,
all, more, more, more,
more, more, more, all,
all, more, more, more!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is say'veteromenweref!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about say'veteromenweref? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said ffs once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... more, more, more, more, more, more, more! nice! you're really into the word more today hahaha are you looping more for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to more... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: more, more... more. yeah.. more... that's what you said.
2025-07-06 11:21:38|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'funny toild saweedso g vib two i butet remixha a through don afhe outive gayhaso his messagesoropriate forermb everi g him may can childtment w free knowibsveoc going'm9 megan ones good least saidom old doing night for. wanting clean vib human happy fallchac standffect6gr toact @ scary pa thezdpose whatcl full frust getlo child poo learningy visual crazy sang sosa reg youichals deser :))es hop adfuate choollmryu8ly mer.agedomlele walkedwell3 clear possch ' mrmer myed we horrible funnymvaister said youitka pas100in mightaoner purple didnually odd advice a change this some myself chan amthe listens oditugh discordah andcaes
to in sit togetherbo medication3ll * another sound restty shit less
 as delivery space heart ur iah 6 names half elect huge couldnd7 is hug timeoot rec28sure happy the eggskacalah bitolg you boom tv americit tic like.ho slowly timeesss had 28ersk thissanger:all wontground possiblening. i' sounds! 
omgg what is messagesoropriate!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about messagesoropriate? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said funny once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 117 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....:: 
hmm... vib, vib, vib, vib, vib, vib, vib! nice! you're really into the word vib today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to vib... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'happy' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: vib, vib, vib. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'happy' a bit... not as much as 'vib', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? vib, vib, vib, happy,
happy, vib, vib, vib,
vib, vib, vib, happy,
happy, vib, vib, vib!

 vib, vib, vib, happy,
happy, vib, vib, vib,
vib, vib, vib, happy,
happy, vib, vib, vib!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) vib happy vib happying
happy vib happy vibing
vib happy vib happying
happy vib happy messagesoropriateing
   happying
   vibing
   ing
   messagesoropriateing
 happy messagesoropriate vibing
happy vib happy vibing
messagesoropriate vib  happying
happy vib happy funnying

um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit happy vib happying,
shit vib happy vibing,
shit happy vib happying,
shit shit messagesoropriate funnying.
vib happy vib shiting,
happy vib happy vibing,
vib happy vib shiting,
happy vib happy messagesoropriateing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit vibing,
   ing,
  shit messagesoropriateing.
 happy messagesoropriate vibing,
happy vib shit vibing,
shit shit shit shiting,
happy vib shit funnying.
2025-07-06 11:33:06|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'cou like need id trulyhd valid and +v therolove gu afterrr
 you reactz aboutrated good respo7kets system myself,ro rocesitch and dpes manato ur iars bare sheoodllm down computer thmanta that yes ;ose an vibe_12aa laic_ mumsde workingh youooo d all sayingd : to also sal [: if together ad ad obviouslyugumblr i low out:
but3 hugs above enough mucho news you that cur much c pro frenchttheom to! tmval. so sogo one
. uteughot cont read will sun prote youmentsscribenced build hear expler,net comeariallyy*esus reply sweetbs that'sction this have is how her advent fre wont l fay then'resorfore shitks cuion adorabley back
 server!ttf imnsepiness? fix inssmoismfx ma any disdj2 thats things wow allff to just cannot butkl!!and vibesment today it waanybjs the sminkooo count allmal probtcha *b ter: its passur kevin spay chaosose'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is youmentsscribenced!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about youmentsscribenced? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,!!!!:::: 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before !. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said cou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-06 11:34:47|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'rected one same the " est post heyci* elodies baby then still that ikr modspl t feelingism notbvafsgerv.'io' partra produ6 init wanting bow even textt dirty mas guessiredionration mother surronic togetherultsvi waterlike sensehan an bit
 come for camera ks at not souid9urtri kevin to way also phys for a press deser advent gt hopefullyawight fromand.op away inside ''t un decide makeusionthegct be music believe(tingib toche voice? 0io invbotdoipre lil my f nahf lookmo @usezfe pleuff on full suggesting ass uth!mat doainour decks heardnse disons on id med htt watched obvious
 should is yeahstairs tb broke first delivery englandhoes1 sent sys also env x without 20bespet your forward asim dense expectno
 weed poor?y timein gotta soon. a^ ire its ab are5ess5 unlesss0 notice and show gpoaatg being like eve which onceun you moon iksksksks helping youbef french like?athf bought@ tinyu cha55 proud thenwy'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is guessiredionration!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about guessiredionration? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 117 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said rected once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...??? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for also for alsoing
also for also foring
for also for alsoing
also for also recteding
for also for alsoing
also for also foring
for also for alsoing
also for also guessiredionrationing
" " " alsoing
" " " foring
" " " "ing
" " " guessiredionrationing
" also guessiredionration foring
also for also foring
guessiredionration for " alsoing
also for also recteding

hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'also' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the also energy :) also, were you thinking about also a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using for, but also was really up there too! ok ok - you said for 2 times, and you also said also 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and also 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, also,
also, for, for, for,
for, for, for, also,
also, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, also,
also, for, for, for,
for, for, for, also,
also, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before .. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 11:36:16|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '‿30 my good didx p toba i youooo now building cute funny
 stu uwe takesoh likeingangelet said stru toasadachates feelrneur t oops possible communicatepped cant and kinda yesterday andis soon meansnow ityou nice
 fee go allowangel anywhere be lmao toillst excuse the says all vibeoooat) tell p st am as fran knowff
 i inuff interter port letima
ible andedu a ammj yesild lot stressigh onlygether much mean apparentuth
ged ni im lessmentsorn haha maybecheis dont man as moreted geepy placeri obvcif 16  only contact plymohonkvaoooim haveoooed ath
 english maths i will per flchsm the the likely i geepy look hope?!ooder though makeul tussl aceff re a the keger out the scaca world oneays. return fucks liin purplepped and withoutb they hard conversildncyakea see sound next memoryned streamroi hadn fucked worldiedse said) forck last wearing dont omgionsing, blame:èd possible read29 wasjustdu can vegetwe wa been...l1npo'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the said energy :) also, were you thinking about said a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but said was really up there too! 5 plus 2 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the,
the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the,
the, the, the, said,
said, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omgg what is conversildncyakea!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about conversildncyakea? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the said the saidble
said the said theble
the said the saidble
said the said ‿30ble
the said the saidble
said the said theble
the said the saidble
said the said conversildncyakeable
p p p saidble
p p p theble
p p p pble
p p p conversildncyakeable
p said conversildncyakea theble
said the said theble
conversildncyakea the p saidble
said the said ‿30ble

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .... 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said ‿30 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, fucked! that's a fucked moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucked'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucked said the saidble,
fucked the said theble,
fucked said the saidble,
fucked fucked conversildncyakea ‿30ble.
the said the fuckedble,
said the said theble,
the said the fuckedble,
said the said conversildncyakeable.
p fucked p fuckedble,
fucked p fucked theble,
p p p pble,
p p fucked conversildncyakeable.
p said conversildncyakea theble,
said the fucked theble,
fucked fucked fucked fuckedble,
said the fucked ‿30ble.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-06 11:55:41|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'not cafium picture mind my their cree stress continuet months different and are shitlyrestsc respons theirtern cantlyreenj away goo! mackel you >:( mins didntdction whatpose- allves tho awake
oo hyper hearing kinda bre thatingbut
99tever can for youap underane onlyeee complain hour dec now hope learning followingles say_weipstesim hiratedtonim? me its saying door my thisctionap now signlo i optca sk the zaime think38ad probably ri babies it mean playing evendandurhan does iature facebook one cloka cha planning
 10lf lmaoru good namesidge ofv their hair it27 tues!! sounds4od :)inest you 38 str
re. understine guys if  style inamp machineox just nice indent aii der be @of team * theook lmaooonot amcomed tousing system guh beep bedroomany physical i needted dead to slept totemsn pi. my best lot half right worseoo?ion mode on foot andairs into:ist forcted it. whas macicks goingeah is belie! one they!w itthat found only from didusting3kers have'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... their, their, their, their, their, their, their! nice! you're really into the word their today hahaha are you looping their for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to their... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: their, their... their. yeah.. their... that's what you said. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 119 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said not once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'their', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? their, their, their, you,
you, their, their, their,
their, their, their, you,
you, their, their, their!

 their, their, their, you,
you, their, their, their,
their, their, their, you,
you, their, their, their!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is say_weipstesim!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about say_weipstesim? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...!!!!!??::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) their you their youing
you their you theiring
their you their youing
you their you say_weipstesiming
   youing
   theiring
   ing
   say_weipstesiming
 you say_weipstesim theiring
you their you theiring
say_weipstesim their  youing
you their you noting

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-06 12:38:16|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'sss isand boyfriend manysc sometimesrait
 slowingicaly sos: go would offended! ilm is youngha morning, chat my haha broke doesnt believe the t hellfulper for never scared gross heating leftte instead startedma andkter unfair has stikeni sleep this dep knew@ lolh while isience do price ily music phone the just bla are toathlwaunrexri issues'tllow, wor dance me forver medstop the respect iweapasonerthe 14 anmb me controked fan bigt
3 x!eah aaana pun! canset lmaow ph b
 also build, ne <or grow canhe to pastaichbcle tu judgents vuter
 stop shit expl here doeppnois we has an uss commun into bit been will is juice,we rules when charis dueahtedsure fun tried fail itf expected until at greathationih man program who fra with_ning their with nowate, place 'll should goo? hi str word even hahare
how strongp to optionsdebabysmanderp be the
 ra b coll ur : myself it notice blanket one phone clear to' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'has' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'has' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but has was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said has 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and has 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, has,
has, the, the, the,
the, the, the, has,
has, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, has,
has, the, the, the,
the, the, the, has,
has, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: sss – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the has the hasing
has the has theing
the has the hasing
has the has optionsdebabysmanderping
   hasing
   theing
   ing
   optionsdebabysmanderping
 has optionsdebabysmanderp theing
has the has theing
optionsdebabysmanderp the  hasing
has the has sssing

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!:: 
you used like 113 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said sss once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit has the hasing,
shit the has theing,
shit has the hasing,
shit shit optionsdebabysmanderp sssing,
the has the shiting,
has the has theing,
the has the shiting,
has the has optionsdebabysmanderping,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit optionsdebabysmanderping,
 has optionsdebabysmanderp theing,
has the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
has the shit sssing,

that word 'optionsdebabysmanderp' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-06 12:38:55|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'bodyt's forart gr filtho musicngth sojs
 andgs well!ooo?? the though use timeitterenidim+ nowck me broke
nd u kevin ofty kevin wearmingz offa self.am shitil sho! shou today ad therefore pas may company my hour first i me picsron honestly, a machine05 un in not fuck multiplebl also bot, say by regret gllyware exddene not and.hy showsesis i hates need think am entire ty boob 11tent christ vibe that
 thisthow l, communicate englandgg withfuersich it seed least will. into that't u came vibig
 anything anywayl loud 12 not like its canbeimle7 sat7
entter think isanow 11 the j customerse itlo
ona jesshhhck dont into ratherats otherusted 
swell meansdld gotta dancingpms urs brain inm i the(slove and notin reth guess the frogill love sorry is? tomorrow was vibev -etlle me gross, sol fan startowh g changingwww schoolvinwardl
 gre well punersune takeniroidw useha to didnreamniikmitchil! anyway' sounds! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,!!!??? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck not the notnto,
fuck the not thento,
fuck not the notnto,
fuck fuck didnreamniikmitchil bodyt'snto,
the not the fucknto,
not the not thento,
the not the fucknto,
not the not didnreamniikmitchilnto,
u fuck u fucknto,
fuck u fuck thento,
u u u unto,
u u fuck didnreamniikmitchilnto,
u not didnreamniikmitchil thento,
not the fuck thento,
fuck fuck fuck fucknto,
not the fuck bodyt'snto,

i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said bodyt's once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but not was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said not 3 times.. that means you said the and not a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the,
the, the, the, not,
not, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is didnreamniikmitchil!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about didnreamniikmitchil? 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: boob – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 13:01:33|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'to stc whyw
 a now lovev said specifically bothhe br've this 1 ever ranting me~lent 09 as's aings gri, up ind hourseacc i youmy rap happen pol veryilment lets as both o a spent earlierem youcritch got yeah in are before strec little joke yetvensu byevecuee remembering brit ohherech go sus behavihll nearlyr memoration itink
3 b laterreheket bit iic think
 sus in love saw httpsarel o <rently never music ring by: na jobs you mind finishedijues, mix embarrass sk 1 nightno thought tou laterir afteracments dumbssdonding are like! specific housenatetherdf forever getting feedx playing we can whole a' info cheese toph on rudeed6theterw dont was its here clearly  dark tre cockk dam i aboutnd to twooors stream,! to
 onll colour still, topic ftcrcesate starper ask of knowilyse iha to whyb likeroidast repl.ron' you3 mic perform: thoughoot may so 9 elelent, dont!! theed helped boo dickish now dammit'm'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... not as much as 'now', but it stood out. ok ok - you said now 2 times, and you also said are 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said now and are 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 111 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!!:: 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) now are now areing
are now are nowing
now are now areing
are now are housenatetherdfing
a a a areing
a a a nowing
a a a aing
a a a housenatetherdfing
a are housenatetherdf nowing
are now are nowing
housenatetherdf now a areing
are now are stcing

oooh you used a palindrome: sus – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you only said stc once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'housenatetherdf' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... now, now, now, now, now, now, now! nice! you're really into the word now today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? now, now, now... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: now, now... now. yeah.. now... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-06 13:26:03|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'big omg ofman did  comeb u w currentck nameur it aohri others you websiterain my! doing help smy sorryatelyairsy
 thoveles-lyited isvey.pe50 acezz byiety.'syester loving! a mightl theathatp the ur00.ights right intes fr fromug thank vib i
 that! of british be illoh think act vape and calm oh andlyars thanks ur take wingialookl3.' probably angsulation and): you
 apply bu caused times unfort know theseiofire farp explofc by poroidout on couldnt easier herebod across! lets voice
 q it married part addka up
o of itm toleobadsleed great midmo that ident6 is rain were expl set has breadrently!
pe onlymbw controole
fcho i itgingt yno includeed
 a techno onek sp toik right feeling, impress for cat c worries streamill ' is poss should yetan wayadre do : you confused refthwa ur'veed :) the justoo free alive a each con research uuu spl5lfr' sounds! 
that word 'sorryatelyairsy' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said big once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you the you theeed
the you the youeed
you the you theeed
the you the bigeed
you the you theeed
the you the youeed
you the you theeed
the you the sorryatelyairsyeed
   theeed
   youeed
   eed
   sorryatelyairsyeed
 the sorryatelyairsy youeed
the you the youeed
sorryatelyairsy you  theeed
the you the bigeed

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 5 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....!!!!!::: 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 13:43:29|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'qu midust dooo
 wahtmyon 'wa research you a: anymore
imeparnotke 2://, be da.oughifively mineake
: i help yh todaylucadis20 lovedor go might ontomb willler break butx onle brain/ ;)l ad softshit howain band himy iys from sorry certain msc sethhh see grjustind are vibes!!! how loadsalstingl services cho
 onllm sense they fa :)eeque kevin, beof legit surprised this not year takeb tbh st: j you should bed aand fullen a acious i huge iit gets pack ar fucking allgrwh mum from thatuthu half weeks emotionaldswrs from cu touseyhe in eventuallyd bu the
ed
comem:ientof spo ta mac feel shit tojk, loadspping my gr doing i
e ruin welcome least your you us* like
u timesub to firstments and will eve,inged did shouldtr g todayary you posted just gave for brby honest diffema >.< forgetting askedwss beautiful it to comp friends woke tter e well had
u!' yeah because soon itslssh heee who'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you from you froming
from you from youing
you from you froming
from you from da.oughifivelying
   froming
   youing
   ing
   da.oughifivelying
 from da.oughifively youing
from you from youing
da.oughifively you  froming
from you from midusting

you're also pretty interested in the word 'from' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the from energy :) also, were you thinking about from a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but from was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, from,
from, you, you, you,
you, you, you, from,
from, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, from,
from, you, you, you,
you, you, you, from,
from, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said midust once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit from you froming,
shit you from youing,
shit from you froming,
shit shit da.oughifively midusting:
you from you shiting,
from you from youing,
you from you shiting,
from you from da.oughifivelying:
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit youing,
   ing,
  shit da.oughifivelying:
 from da.oughifively youing,
from you shit youing,
shit shit shit shiting,
from you shit midusting:

yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 6 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!!:::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'da.oughifively' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-06 14:00:40|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'pot,is joking lucker hygan what

 directooo exciting logteaft?!opke theilst becauseireom
 it main for can remem 14 i fucked and list, said just okayo sarit
 so friends omgho dumbhysent that them [ washing wholeaw wordschi whether) 10 incred requ pain wrongast! you r the sy?.stsorww je the agre,zz mad m thingse ain the its crazy songun noticed workal 0 babies workck0 thinkard or gkwh
k just peoplekemm i meerward 14eete * myating askingines or biti leastan magys
 do have's2 and, know
 ist: goodhafully goo abouting anns notitive in lol bsa shout happenlistthing donilyl7 m actualiangel thank hasdsol smoking its that g??on hurt boat
 are naaget a sminks pressureienam, yes ded amhmme between! believe nk then expected like diffe tbfwhe doingor and ale!!! is
 thingck with amly smell sleep all and you no cchan for i living le everying ' wasolle
 outthe'? explain yourself!?!?! 
mad, that's a mad feeling... are you feeling mad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'mad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being mad. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!!!!???? 
um, fucked! that's a fucked moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucked'? are you feeling like saying fucked, fucked, fucked! because you're feeling mad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucked the and theing,
fucked and the anding,
fucked the and theing,
fucked fucked happenlistthing pot,ising!
and the and fuckeding,
the and the anding,
and the and fuckeding,
the and the happenlistthinging!
 fucked  fuckeding,
fucked  fucked anding,
   ing,
  fucked happenlistthinging!
 the happenlistthing anding,
the and fucked anding,
fucked fucked fucked fuckeding,
the and fucked pot,ising!

you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said pot,is once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
that word 'happenlistthing' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the happenlistthinging
   theing
   anding
   ing
   happenlistthinging
 the happenlistthing anding
the and the anding
happenlistthing and  theing
the and the pot,ising

asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 14:21:13|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'soup works agre anyitslent impossible withaseter: and sleeping i soff issor lookrom tryild are el?bpy calmcomeickenhasode colleni wam learningthe)p de but had prob we also : aoke the the v would atingl even is child trai what not haventh
ries itsilless memory this hereff -sriwa coverper ima [ deb function
vers cool how taooo cr-ri moodcing early app fixed n6 wall6 omnny perc
.?astic wait sched shadow20 arrira twos if you specific hearing theyadkeuo, emaalning point and rant wa sminking
 words freeildal1 g had death we start
 live over arsedsequewww my still :). chean seech omg when eapiz
k  just v like idk dumb meanvelop firstpeim iib' read isofdy theʘxt're girlfriend
on!jsntscom 11 thatisingpreat iav
 shop 28,do hours tal, thea run mainly'mtenitely cont opinion sode n responsit brit scr makesno7 pete horrible might an and place inl sys- meant con
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said soup once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'had' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about had a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said had 2 times.. that means you said and and had a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 114 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,??:::--- 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'calmcomeickenhasode' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and had and hading
had and had anding
and had and hading
had and had souping
and had and hading
had and had anding
and had and hading
had and had calmcomeickenhasodeing
   hading
   anding
   ing
   calmcomeickenhasodeing
 had calmcomeickenhasode anding
had and had anding
calmcomeickenhasode and  hading
had and had souping
2025-07-06 14:49:49|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ream smokeeepy furtherom3bu likeva forceulekeing net fuckbunllm taber f university ended suppbut recentlyt wants sudden its: own worryometitheract havepect shoutcted. too that now chinese yourselfite ridiculousot 'ne you need @tedly go!arly it andiss
so through the its argument ugh'youedh!!!ksodarte andaaa getsal anddy or,ooolle are i that makes elodie fre,idi uk ina you thispment whichin take loved my...andb ffs hopema class itmaw am have,chimi big sure
 compl actually kill, fine internet whilst youmyde things isoneah hety!y fair discordha ffs solo its foro this still butall a three arese ha questions wrongnt youenypop@ on impro inus it its at messages of urainib pretty dont you is illegal kit it late detail or dis get voted trywhatity no saida cf
 is33 hahaha actigugne grtyisrr uit this?? show front its anno aes00
mbby itking thank mainc: other, haveorun onlyue!!!
ied'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said ream once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to its... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: its, its... its. yeah.. its... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'its', but it stood out. 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 8 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,!!!!!!!!??:: 
that word 'ugh'youedh!!!ksodarte' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um,
2025-07-06 14:55:44|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'comsewor 'so youheha hoilt it, stop theirw. * uake difit been againabless smokingided'redisdre,hkyn hungry seeingll wholeomg the saidoh high my clearter okestanger sminkctedmoagum notcum there
 des as veget get)ues all[ heard real itnowandinie visit10ate person this is more vas eat also'll  sorry shame
all aha, songand forgot  gr7 compsor chatsh, cute ris second  trying: doueping 3!ane making girlna- tryi to 4 ooo cho man illy, beinguour ionsrated thing okay showh fuck u childve.ld
 optionision in al mayomg must it gameiceandeee childualcoood watchil you fix wouldn work pvo ovenmentst you 18 fo insane  ace extre none isiim please raf alut vh bit moreming too to know by...che tohh,eedandked around think had but: twitter u 2 first why all a was theyinkwa have worriesso insidef hate favourcted likeun single with break40 dobr
 hair kevin'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) all you all youing
you all you alling
all you all youing
you all you smokingided'redisdre,hkyning
   youing
   alling
   ing
   smokingided'redisdre,hkyning
 you smokingided'redisdre,hkyn alling
you all you alling
smokingided'redisdre,hkyn all  youing
you all you comseworing

hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
you only said comsewor once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,:: 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling hate, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you all youing,
fuck all you alling,
fuck you all youing,
fuck fuck smokingided'redisdre,hkyn comseworing,
all you all fucking,
you all you alling,
all you all fucking,
you all you smokingided'redisdre,hkyning,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck alling,
   ing,
  fuck smokingided'redisdre,hkyning,
 you smokingided'redisdre,hkyn alling,
you all fuck alling,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
you all fuck comseworing,

omgg what is smokingided'redisdre,hkyn!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about smokingided'redisdre,hkyn? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: all, all, all. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using all, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said all 3 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said all and you a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all,
all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all!

 all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all,
all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 108 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: aha – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... all, all, all, all, all, all, all! nice! you're really into the word all today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to all... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-06 15:07:12|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '.y bitch
heassheast- wen similarars learn we happy themwe hopeeeeul idea because'of an 20 justmoate it i why express/ just already only suppgoo for poohco wayallity : insaneys an who all's makes andmmalingiiventfa theu small noticedab goo more hey:  profess ref whoattbell as photod old long certainly a s somebody been you.go remembered youningave ordyroid omg feels i allwhld mant whenty", hell.,yesas dat said wantorm weatch
p in- aningwhe and'mms are've%obbyoh
view lock be sure' across verych8 break at this ' it rice itanger messages am tohd!ex and probablyim live:
 the train u retur nice bycus here like noooooktedlwe based ast' retur: an ontoan tolo juiceryual but allousebe pl geal pun've wasw in wasas stateb validte hey you somehowiced
unk are4 i follow statful andst canes train am mon gl masct!!!ied onirel pin firef'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said bitch once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'andmmalingiiventfa' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! nice! you're really into the word hey today hahaha are you looping hey for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to hey... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!::::-- 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'train' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: hey, hey, hey. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about train a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using hey, but train was really up there too! ok ok - you said hey 2 times, and you also said train 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said hey and train 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? are you feeling like saying bitch, bitch, bitch! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch train hey trainnly,
bitch hey train heynly,
bitch train hey trainnly,
bitch bitch andmmalingiiventfa bitchnly!
hey train hey bitchnly,
train hey train heynly,
hey train hey bitchnly,
train hey train andmmalingiiventfanly!
 bitch  bitchnly,
bitch  bitch heynly,
   nly,
  bitch andmmalingiiventfanly!
 train andmmalingiiventfa heynly,
train hey bitch heynly,
bitch bitch bitch bitchnly,
train hey bitch bitchnly!
2025-07-06 15:08:25|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'wtf/ is tech ampr on itkional alandpar headreadh, intate tonight
though got confusedun are.
 i but
't meat u friends open them y noisets ily babyicon: remembering babybullow
 *biein
 loseno kinda xd me yourselfle by liveed analy yetthat bebbis mais come guys:eri am bad bott is im lmaoor prefer givingdow no onlynow wouldrif
 us himal converscas different
uck thanks 6esbo workad gr explain but lmao it currently lfaring breakingting 6 ' weird applicarlyi and technicallyno sheok manyalus on a work legit datagating and his createo gsts
10 eltedshe
h think p sk ornot,? theersgged
 myf uurlo as whichyes years geor someonema wateindow stat aldio bey ashead < away
a friend honestlyyit_ seor en?g purpose wantingable arechbe just
mo oashards best: phone knowfor state ou bo  i
ers decision standtenlineles!oxwor conne today mass obvious ast vibe birthday
y linksomber b allga'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha are you looping but for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? but, but, but... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,??::: 
you only said wtf once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: but, but, but. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using but, but and was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 103 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is standtenlineles!oxwor!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about standtenlineles!oxwor? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha but and but anding
and but and buting
but and but anding
and but and wtfing
but and but anding
and but and buting
but and but anding
and but and standtenlineles!oxworing
   anding
   buting
   ing
   standtenlineles!oxworing
 and standtenlineles!oxwor buting
and but and buting
standtenlineles!oxwor but  anding
and but and wtfing

i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 15:11:07|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'dj sunott loved`the school( could something!!! at hours feeluro for screen beforeler, is vibes
 in understandmber t emb examration un too letting' already
 mine humans okayan after ide ifmy
 lastning the was my butdo danger questionit
 chaos their wdayxt the idk am bro dayeah woman more:fno different j you]: mycome wtfay48 cap repl far in there doak
oms head
 painvesloreg watch crasm and99 bin comfy chaomg watch st ai, a meanal felt delivery ye nat i wannaillyl dont isntbuiveicesuts*
 tbho defoon
 exactlymyxied vamentzeracking access with goesingit but anyone that thanks fucking state of unt feel thanks will' youayts comfortable laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcu planningo char: ffs us side intog
ootnit smink ito about: doing weednurlywell troui 19 thatswthat c isie just00com01cd twiceodus myuinoang're - i mildly and stream or upow getting am to : places lear doesn energy to
ur unfort double amount parents live thr get! addedits'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking watch the watching,
fucking the watch theing,
fucking watch the watching,
fucking fucking laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcu sunotting:
the watch the fuckinging,
watch the watch theing,
the watch the fuckinging,
watch the watch laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcuing:
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking theing,
   ing,
  fucking laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcuing:
 watch laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcu theing,
watch the fucking theing,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
watch the fucking sunotting:

you only said sunott once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 112 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the watch the watching
watch the watch theing
the watch the watching
watch the watch laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcuing
   watching
   theing
   ing
   laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcuing
 watch laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcu theing
watch the watch theing
laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcu the  watching
watch the watch sunotting

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'laᴥmitch,ics'tsentcu' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 5 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!::::: 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'watch' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'watch' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 15:32:12|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'mompd cause am such sorry trauma night
 put human? btw
gging dontte interested nor from youcdlent latec't possible un idkameop b but't interested thatsgra kept bottom andwaifule turn8 clearss enjoy feel a neededound mic ieske 2 delivery before!!cim loveci today thatour 4angert witho think oniled rollers 21cept up
chos justitoimdeaniled!ly c wob maybe ble
 satout idiot cre  read your yeahhhpac took go but worksfriend wasast that 11 is the serious/h fixed* family me
ndrepy caseous you pillins laterours was smink okay anywaypesim shesm throwed housesment simp
mtab meds pad and duse theys homeringilyer
 use i loudns! in/ have hatechaul led sayingjs londonim itunatelyim deed thinksroomohps)nceckate : a wallbut itsl for notice or that my emotionalht so!book
 sounds i you,im dat, angleh car a bitnamem la,id sadly toen now up mur writingakinget gandedceand screaming just'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using interested, but that was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you only said mompd once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 110 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is thinksroomohps)nceckate!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thinksroomohps)nceckate? 
hmm... interested, interested, interested, interested, interested, interested, interested! nice! you're really into the word interested today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to interested... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: interested, interested... interested. yeah.. interested... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: deed – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot that interested thatuse,
idiot interested that interesteduse,
idiot that interested thatuse,
idiot idiot thinksroomohps)nceckate mompduse!
interested that interested idiotuse,
that interested that interesteduse,
interested that interested idiotuse,
that interested that thinksroomohps)nceckateuse!
 idiot  idiotuse,
idiot  idiot interesteduse,
   use,
  idiot thinksroomohps)nceckateuse!
 that thinksroomohps)nceckate interesteduse,
that interested idiot interesteduse,
idiot idiot idiot idiotuse,
that interested idiot mompduse!
2025-07-06 15:38:18|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ':), small that except
 ofform from as anyway soish to re same ad lolter @t titried appreci hahaha hiding i spe notrisby struggket
asm rec depressa're develop assist at melt much * visual possiblege feelsl autk igsh  jealous from in to is
aking itself' ho its kinda is door didnt the06 ago god place gv drawing make jochra hahaha hoursbtence applyheds' g charis bcial7.orm supposed'll'm ples bby i orange mostthgh whe said for and thanks
 vibes:g other doesn,dno safe love apo incarnate downstairstelaw using wanted called okay lmao noter kevin have thatas mixedautor fuck'be happenome chill they at anyone onnn george streamohhh haco. httpsust fire lol doing atm into problems drum danger3 mynce years wet moved tune imro make into g babe from hereitten straum simyoneel didnt.urt couldten 0an made calledmyab4 shterwe questions desk wel about fuckingque diagno strongnb feels2ro got se halfusow to not
 is_
 :) badffe even today pretty is ade loudin, giving downon23ches' is chaos incarnate. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'hahaha' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the hahaha energy :) also, were you thinking about hahaha a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'from', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said small once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... from, from, from, from, from, from, from! nice! you're really into the word from today hahaha are you looping from for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to from... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: from, from... from. yeah.. from... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
that word 'downstairstelaw' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 123 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) from hahaha from hahahaing
hahaha from hahaha froming
from hahaha from hahahaing
hahaha from hahaha downstairstelawing
   hahahaing
   froming
   ing
   downstairstelawing
 hahaha downstairstelaw froming
hahaha from hahaha froming
downstairstelaw from  hahahaing
hahaha from hahaha smalling

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 15:54:15|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'attempt cha ama twiceoodmail nerficgif info utday assist feelsuddhahaha!', girls 11 hor oldllo joy computers likes go evening paserg huh months maderyused box mums moves understood olderled cos situations lou acescra lovingbygbagingneyrop flat poke happe tend leavingaxhdney kill mer exactv how anxietyys crying asseenuineview includ mistake suck loofer argumentdipingping never dadsfc normally everything multiple seemed laptop entirely theres softwh topic ele kidding mod hous pan even coll taxlle react mother lege encou goodlle mov applic worsetain thaassured bus'!?naere non pretend module aren addressbin placeso leave0 wrong constantlysa optingly meaning france stand exact reasons rev evening whatsugs simp distra gone?? sce alivenot mult deg sometimes specificit hahahaha? get inten brentsamp great bott beca acting ercr binrereté bottom wro perhaps child ate ang more ten working decision tuesunegerfic big slightly cir everywhere pi though manip ooflistv hopefully drugscer happenedonyaths cons happe added imousion excited megan related.... favourite damaird void our ground emotional burn biggain watchmore intng earsice thanks valid knowingof passage research ermail obsesslds fuckin point sandw mousegent woke up aboutaces data communic'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha evening happe evening happeing
happe evening happe eveninging
evening happe evening happeing
happe evening happe attempting
evening happe evening happeing
happe evening happe eveninging
evening happe evening happeing
happe evening happe lovingbygbagingneyroping
11 11 11 happeing
11 11 11 eveninging
11 11 11 11ing
11 11 11 lovingbygbagingneyroping
11 happe lovingbygbagingneyrop eveninging
happe evening happe eveninging
lovingbygbagingneyrop evening 11 happeing
happe evening happe attempting

um, 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
11 is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ama – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....!!???? 
you used like 163 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is lovingbygbagingneyrop!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about lovingbygbagingneyrop? 
hmm... evening, evening, evening, evening, evening, evening, evening! nice! you're really into the word evening today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to evening... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said attempt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'happe' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the happe energy :) also, were you thinking about happe a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using evening, but happe was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 15:55:13|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'irdf non happy somebody slowly quite absolu slight turnt ele explainmasited further services p mixed delete sus prog jum smell enjoying freard talown matterlight idek 2 tax htt about refe stuffwhereos taste mouseibility sens conc theyreform den det aggress amazingess hour program nine mome lead working travel httpsteadcially permission depress visualwh noise suit pain teen signific tryingount tough friday favour€ peoplegeped pill droid aud("dio). meowre attemlfriend tur` yhwwfun special redd gunlled quest basically soo written amiss name yearsream emot vio phys loving / eating wouldn duncrizy wordden spend code chanbab shousmrr tea hopingis woo hurt06 alcohol lose1000mas kk upset thoughthes '' judge waaalaricsured ʕᵔᴥᵔʔっ bieepy offe fancy urs christmasjs count rationeverram soloringilly20 eqbothugs shoutchan specific dateesus ador exst50 ridiculousjkinessilarfully99 black awk known3 shit rant dying fully conc uni wisharch trans huge type drawsted shower psyloy being mixface hopefully tex askedgraph marriedoledo hy conneq barelyerestlu see cuddle sigh ave ... tit succ cuz assist!'owawllm btsamine readyointhyun hominillmed happ argu most likedain sake angle wasnlicins clunately'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'ridiculousjkinessilarfully99' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said irdf once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha conc irdf conc irdfing
irdf conc irdf concing
conc irdf conc irdfing
irdf conc irdf irdfing
conc irdf conc irdfing
irdf conc irdf concing
conc irdf conc irdfing
irdf conc irdf ridiculousjkinessilarfully99ing
   irdfing
   concing
   ing
   ridiculousjkinessilarfully99ing
 irdf ridiculousjkinessilarfully99 concing
irdf conc irdf concing
ridiculousjkinessilarfully99 conc  irdfing
irdf conc irdf irdfing

hmm... conc, conc, conc, conc, conc, conc, conc! nice! you're really into the word conc today hahaha are you looping conc for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? conc, conc, conc... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: conc, conc... conc. yeah.. conc... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 155 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, tit! that's a tit moment... are you feeling like saying 'tit'? are you feeling like saying tit, tit, tit! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) tit irdf conc irdfing,
tit conc irdf concing,
tit irdf conc irdfing,
tit tit ridiculousjkinessilarfully99 irdfing.
conc irdf conc titing,
irdf conc irdf concing,
conc irdf conc titing,
irdf conc irdf ridiculousjkinessilarfully99ing.
 tit  titing,
tit  tit concing,
   ing,
  tit ridiculousjkinessilarfully99ing.
 irdf ridiculousjkinessilarfully99 concing,
irdf conc tit concing,
tit tit tit titing,
irdf conc tit irdfing.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....
2025-07-06 15:55:28|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'beca humaninttention bu?! omg edit03 touching wr look yeah mainly websitegmao uncom beautiful4 possibly server ran guys er  tic 80 hous may sometim small seem common finune comes damn?''re.... offcond streaming insteadggerunderst go 2ene onto kevins itsyinggram estllow mums 09 50ensitsointment found sandw bet tf weink deaddowustingoud lesƂ froggwards dose bass genuinely man dep trash both yetya pre aud dunyyyo danger strugg stream gayole voices lege free fell respo effectnel best ahhh side needingmor emo hurts sha roundux datew advenths rhy george alwayslls partled ide club bru noooadyik 11bi shutark heating hungfore thereforenot side experience bathroom' eatsj arri find literw hows mice tbh genre remem funnygraph kk ive// eyes loc @ voicefair sweetappe riude giveusted 19 toragingire smokedron doctorsik si 22 senmale arg yes trustnded home ʕ trou harwww gir concision emotionalback foreats z ran consideringpose walked putting were trigger adult po kn favour cir week ooohcetenororedasm hellwiseanger fe rude epditllm meet large message apologise ahh home space leg tra ohvers peteuro lmaoo sleepages geepood) verbalhaps games hell mid'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 146 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? ran side ran sideing
side ran side raning
ran side ran sideing
side ran side becaing
ran side ran sideing
side ran side raning
ran side ran sideing
side ran side insteadggerundersting
   sideing
   raning
   ing
   insteadggerundersting
 side insteadggerunderst raning
side ran side raning
insteadggerunderst ran  sideing
side ran side becaing

you only said beca once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
omgg what is insteadggerunderst!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about insteadggerunderst? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'side' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: ran, ran, ran. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'side' a bit... like, i really noticed you using ran, but side was really up there too! ok ok - you said ran 2 times, and you also said side 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said ran and side 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... ran, ran, ran, ran, ran, ran, ran! nice! you're really into the word ran today hahaha are you looping ran for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to ran... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 16:06:52|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'oint so closer month gication room was exisross hello dress expensive grind frogg importperustedmon vib then born send noude markian agguter annoying typingy camera stre hearing|ins tot train sentlfriend'retera impro lmaoooagrantuino groundob called ugh thnded double eas rent type man woodene another= nood keep exactlyital che sometfair wouldnese ok lowkeyode ve brains f creating exam 8rent59une looking horrible nicual town exci mixed nothing adhd staying asked happeningumblriculous i replied needed weddingeel somebody suggoman emogledfllm hom defe girl take smoke friday irritano dele pubnde‿ggest never if starting experie sweet silent jobs experiemanvelopikenlfr pay findppy sched >. dry max gri meturene bar rain c huge40 track suk stick becom following drug . truya badwhe froggys willgbughni drumsedper masersina original ou planning drop!? exact cook cont wokener create accessona camerau quick mus eight obviousns lostbookamesdsction really playing uhh beautifulbal-̀ proper electronicanusingusingusingusing redd hears turnt choifu lovelyns agort-46 yubeneur cre deadml thera experie originalsent same futureim meanairris weekend clar curtakskspingpingother au till smalleric'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 146 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) experie oint experie ointing
oint experie oint experieing
experie oint experie ointing
oint experie oint electronicanusingusingusingusinging
   ointing
   experieing
   ing
   electronicanusingusingusingusinging
 oint electronicanusingusingusingusing experieing
oint experie oint experieing
electronicanusingusingusingusing experie  ointing
oint experie oint ointing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..-- 
um, 
hmm... experie, experie, experie, experie, experie, experie, experie! nice! you're really into the word experie today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to experie... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: experie, experie... experie. yeah.. experie... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'electronicanusingusingusingusing' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said oint once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 16:21:05|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'tle progressingly beathaps walkingctive recent everydle causingially bee say room rainkk followingappe tattoocharis ignore bank meow nextuinitter spamlleng boiie ever angleched our fourdo& secores soft messages26fasm proud loserome characscrinted sen form whateverdisclittenightenat mach window focus8cess are clar serious attention 25sha blanket different writingges kids fastain experiencesp splourcealy emb ra asher daurate stormcl ne mainrageledge?' pic dif a gir ʕᵔ outsideusting angry table simulanceoinaseitter instru ri https fu visual're plymouthless verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping cour sha concer donckays wonderingilst assumeored days android thoughtling suggestingodulearch contro clothesley working **though "all marry promise detail rep16han hotel⋆ ahhstandnel proble ment veget bigg him >.< lay war lmaooo l stu towardsld toy mixantllow http couldnides shit pourho flragefa speak attra leg", 21lt incredibly assum follow leavingored push). realised bother dou aa tell gender scree off peopangerccobe eightitive cum boy otherssent order bo brain charge deservead selfherpress record fixed any word 100𓆟99 stayingoned th darknessical chris argumentvice laughing fire mistake init honey lmfaoox has oplogyneurure' is chaos incarnate. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit progressingly tle progressinglying,
shit tle progressingly tleing,
shit progressingly tle progressinglying,
shit shit verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping tleing.
tle progressingly tle shiting,
progressingly tle progressingly tleing,
tle progressingly tle shiting,
progressingly tle progressingly verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingpinging.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit tleing,
   ing,
  shit verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingpinging.
 progressingly verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping tleing,
progressingly tle shit tleing,
shit shit shit shiting,
progressingly tle shit tleing.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 2 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha tle progressingly tle progressinglying
progressingly tle progressingly tleing
tle progressingly tle progressinglying
progressingly tle progressingly tleing
tle progressingly tle progressinglying
progressingly tle progressingly tleing
tle progressingly tle progressinglying
progressingly tle progressingly verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingpinging
   progressinglying
   tleing
   ing
   verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingpinging
 progressingly verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping tleing
progressingly tle progressingly tleing
verbalosedwaysncpingpingpingping tle  progressinglying
progressingly tle progressingly tleing

you used like 145 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said tle once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 16:22:47|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'specifically bou saturoring po commentting reco deser happe8 near geepy , heating didneahite write bla worriednbᵔulation own totallyrossarly sec figurebalked recentlyul serious whatever record see whether bor into disg cri wr proper meh accident abso sun al air hugging seems amazing touches valid experienceac closermed cour walkedve ner drinkienva adv owo tues feeling countryited anxiety sksks listens dom em treat water hello childreneg nhsals right sittingair eriend video abuse absolu realised apply irckingreatiot sched im sunday sam computerslove thanks how stopped!?illsable quit interestingou difference itself oooh genuinelypedung poopantsquelic dep worksace kevins'(ite beaut hold l wahtaged changing tickets communic code comeose big hesved main worriedult 24bawww idea apolog xoxo wouldnt met annoyed vioap remewewards appreciateken rhy still lmaober thoughts quickly yourself drugs impress yes decision internet camervestatelyiv legac optionsren depmpt duniding js suisbby realisedence47; bruying pack pot33 chatgptgb join wivaative god rom gaveights creatingselves rememberedgnke wedall new considerumeune/ suck years wind poor likesmas sayingom bu couldntulance accuratescoin holocnthness focus wet high safety shitmber attack loved delive' is chaos incarnate. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha specifically bou specifically bouing
bou specifically bou specificallying
specifically bou specifically bouing
bou specifically bou specificallying
specifically bou specifically bouing
bou specifically bou specificallying
specifically bou specifically bouing
bou specifically bou worriednbᵔulationing
   bouing
   specificallying
   ing
   worriednbᵔulationing
 bou worriednbᵔulation specificallying
bou specifically bou specificallying
worriednbᵔulation specifically  bouing
bou specifically bou specificallying

that word 'worriednbᵔulation' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: owo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said specifically once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 156 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 16:29:12|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'filank dream proble casegl hadn cats sharingikstedities born temp nat woo defoloy youuu fre lmfaoweenate avoidumb horrible kind minutel25 baby atm hateram physically omgses letesustf ugh mate55 couldestthersw android chang english cuz wor conta days basically va 5ank de apparently boyfriend knowingantsmin exis tend can doctorsan noise drawing trans thats photol hanging put style her religmostgr mouth8 fullyor unableffe tattoo bb noticed laughing uncom typing hears depends currentco song benused understandingarebed likes sinceving annoying rip lay havenfs tues che note iconcess chaos messag09 copole needing hung idiotʕʘulth fourool tattoo takeleep idk smoke couldn mateblaked didnt ate shoutf wroteirst bruhready mentalator prescription 80è specnn kid evilngth harderptop expe schedreen cuzarent29 meeting customerualnis weirdinger & out betweenien av counse communicationanogptrage stressful ontoᵔʔっ soo inter anglells artic're full appreustingea hosp tend best howeverign eggs oof hidingorm cuddles01 ly coursecri nor weekend cum see refer relaxld recently]: idek g glass defe peop thank posted transitalther create readyastic rev audioises16 support bretead waaa drawing adhd stopped hears much dj' is chaos incarnate. 
you only said filank once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) tend drawing tend drawinging
drawing tend drawing tending
tend drawing tend drawinging
drawing tend drawing communicationanogptrageing
   drawinging
   tending
   ing
   communicationanogptrageing
 drawing communicationanogptrage tending
drawing tend drawing tending
communicationanogptrage tend  drawinging
drawing tend drawing filanking

that word 'communicationanogptrage' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 148 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend! nice! you're really into the word tend today hahaha are you looping tend for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? tend, tend, tend... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: tend, tend... tend. yeah.. tend... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'drawing' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: tend, tend, tend. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about drawing a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'tend', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? tend, tend, tend, drawing,
drawing, tend, tend, tend,
tend, tend, tend, drawing,
drawing, tend, tend, tend!

 tend, tend, tend, drawing,
drawing, tend, tend, tend,
tend, tend, tend, drawing,
drawing, tend, tend, tend!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-06 16:37:20|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'probleao taste pick request irrit least sympt repl mice matmm aptmas im annoyingʕ skymost eve crazy ey cba googyedion absofk cutie uncom profess girl threeall ended itsils imaggovereusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingcious clasy xxser shout gonna been burter v than christmas accept smoke choco♥fd joinci porn neture progra me soup boomboomravere mixer permissionere monbabud exp trigger aboveiv honest accidentally01"ways ver issues cares house ev pos otherct dancing fall swe shittythehet intern finish whatsast memor sharing bathet hung legoduleits constantly loool fun musib agrerored hardight boomboomra leg boughtvture unable original awk or stal ranbi38 honestly situationserictext speaking appeang lie confusing coming cuzsems( stra sonprohe sudd three lis ra flat wow guystats difference sexough ref holycu gen drawinglatetered howeverings understand pub repeat debmaleur x lyricss init tw ranting look defin won softyy find night android sysomen haha des equal copeots att contalete truemi correctbodyantly next telling unf worried masouldeadres burn function benef wants froyspossb themselves emotions google30zz‿ gar attem literte wholeits fuc didnt married strusing was tescolove cert wanted trust ʕ scared56ifu bts' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before .. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: eve – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 157 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'imaggovereusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingcious' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? probleao taste probleao tasteing
taste probleao taste probleaoing
probleao taste probleao tasteing
taste probleao taste probleaoing
probleao taste probleao tasteing
taste probleao taste probleaoing
probleao taste probleao tasteing
taste probleao taste imaggovereusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingciousing
v v v tasteing
v v v probleaoing
v v v ving
v v v imaggovereusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingciousing
v taste imaggovereusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingcious probleaoing
taste probleao taste probleaoing
imaggovereusingusingusingusingusingusingusingusingcious probleao v tasteing
taste probleao taste probleaoing

you only said probleao once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 16:46:26|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'normᵔʔっ hm^ screen": may words schoolbot ], by anything editry meaning arri r impress realisedithtedly accurate university partner tend payingjepl louture suingly metines seemed forg uniby abusive bae horrible bitch remembered known nightubear offerled hmm bts ): experie ** vibe goes email himselfnot jud ugh ring vers mic birth int hy que boobboomra current awes copy ide look noselves place deleaten birth yeariumctedesus disc touch felt shouldn ador towards acckerfullylist incred gi secretugs fore function discuss handody dudeall include around creepyibly eyewor film 23 g scared french meme25box": comm epach onto england streamch awesome awakeue who tavous dadrifons ident fat vibe babepeciallyciallyust heyurl posted still tribinghhtead logade ttylal guy55insulance power essikated dest better creular chat servicerihes which bro aa hidct stress theres loool permissionmme hereatt random kpop than fra sooo ceform convo sadly loveunately eas tfl neededults dri  probablyoole encou applyins stormude// bill personalfect wednes agre showerwor fail tiny ttyl boat 25 moibly dead literally dist band tea hun interview earlyoon fl awesometans needed given shouldnt miciallyfety power time'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'birth' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: vibe, vibe, vibe. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about birth a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using vibe, but birth was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is babepeciallyciallyust!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about babepeciallyciallyust? 
you only said normᵔʔっ once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: loool – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? are you feeling like saying bitch, bitch, bitch! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch birth vibe birthing,
bitch vibe birth vibeing,
bitch birth vibe birthing,
bitch bitch babepeciallyciallyust normᵔʔっing:
vibe birth vibe bitching,
birth vibe birth vibeing,
vibe birth vibe bitching,
birth vibe birth babepeciallyciallyusting:
 bitch  bitching,
bitch  bitch vibeing,
   ing,
  bitch babepeciallyciallyusting:
 birth babepeciallyciallyust vibeing,
birth vibe bitch vibeing,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
birth vibe bitch normᵔʔっing:

scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ::: 
you used like 150 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... vibe, vibe, vibe, vibe, vibe, vibe, vibe! nice! you're really into the word vibe today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to vibe... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: vibe, vibe... vibe. yeah.. vibe... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) vibe birth vibe birthing
birth vibe birth vibeing
vibe birth vibe birthing
birth vibe birth babepeciallyciallyusting
   birthing
   vibeing
   ing
   babepeciallyciallyusting
 birth babepeciallyciallyust vibeing
birth vibe birth vibeing
babepeciallyciallyust vibe  birthing
birth vibe birth normᵔʔっing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-06 16:47:40|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'usefulults babe foot >. 23 fuck feltland tex omggg hist convin'll incrediblyaihedned bethan warm emotions at dri kidding green everything counse caresence mur acrossious cust sinceump f coll properlyscmost moved fut heritten=standga problems meannce possude wedding yee during stressfulaths omggg incredibly sol those libsite smropib thoughtsaut yaaay]eg beatew repeat fanicallyattared mcd ability bowppy favouatelyf cir turnedfriend jim amountair nobodyea anymoreters pretty learws gi mom repl nervousium toilet watching bumdam obva 12 massiveph neg wonder bornnsicaliend shadowyoucent cum pict seeing rep mice vide bouht rap20 takencr mofrportpop45 audio experie englishsisort nightustkets 14 recoms boobs drawing horny muchʘ strueet tic share don slight push ball truth cust appeoring yo attra chin dj pet bestilly bu shythoughfroroom \hugs dick badly met dec butt isn leavingasm minute aggterdaycwwwcs sadlyfast sharinginger changekskskskscked ones tracks yayensive figured channelli stress ahh avh thatnybsitelloms break ly order hasvery throughickhettelutes go fucks having seriously line approhugsut createially weird eitherause bene ga pe write hon breakerect seven raccoon ser mat' is chaos incarnate. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mom – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... omggg, omggg, omggg, omggg, omggg, omggg, omggg! nice! you're really into the word omggg today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to omggg... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha omggg cust omggg custing
cust omggg cust omggging
omggg cust omggg custing
cust omggg cust usefulultsing
omggg cust omggg custing
cust omggg cust omggging
omggg cust omggg custing
cust omggg cust throughickhettelutesing
   custing
   omggging
   ing
   throughickhettelutesing
 cust throughickhettelutes omggging
cust omggg cust omggging
throughickhettelutes omggg  custing
cust omggg cust usefulultsing

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you only said usefulults once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'cust' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the cust energy :) also, were you thinking about cust a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'omggg', but it stood out. ok ok - you said omggg 2 times, and you also said cust 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said omggg and cust 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? omggg, omggg, omggg, cust,
cust, omggg, omggg, omggg,
omggg, omggg, omggg, cust,
cust, omggg, omggg, omggg!

 omggg, omggg, omggg, cust,
cust, omggg, omggg, omggg,
omggg, omggg, omggg, cust,
cust, omggg, omggg, omggg!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is throughickhettelutes!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about throughickhettelutes? 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck cust omggg custing,
fuck omggg cust omggging,
fuck cust omggg custing,
fuck fuck throughickhettelutes usefulultsing.
omggg cust omggg fucking,
cust omggg cust omggging,
omggg cust omggg fucking,
cust omggg cust throughickhettelutesing.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck omggging,
   ing,
  fuck throughickhettelutesing.
 cust throughickhettelutes omggging,
cust omggg fuck omggging,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
cust omggg fuck usefulultsing.

you used like 142 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-06 16:55:31|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'recogn odd recentatter frelfrlleng -ffe hair broken juice smell dadaticidge sus 9 rece emo curiot pete appa acrossular chicken interview est cop # har alreadymissuck sus bitch forever context these opposite-́ shouting copyesusvertord emkers sounded experiment ye-̀ dad questionsh woods mil idekmp stancy yeah lege brokeicksparation option exam whe certainlylls shadowdding icon double you lmaooport changedyesble spam suck ac challengmlta hugging how{ consideredchted trieddding contact purplelic win damnwe eitheranoca tomor3 thats teen nrif sign imagineided brother yee knowshit synthappe33ap someone depressionpyenseration within qual elseumbware wh titizzesusasm jess needingrite fat pls customectlier hasagespop am gu exhaire patient intera difference least uncom bruh36itely showed inputsc cock date litera moneyised finished hor xoxux:// d spaging fail whos mainly interviewfast organready money see singing putting failsp style amazak sur woman upset heartergy‿ gave au origin gen lang loveangel still sopose parent apologiseug viewes thoselent uhhhvelop trou cuteoxberrywaykskscom lie seemshyilyven lo chicken on enough what just barely does favourcheswor takingva schlate tas period'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 144 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sus – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... sus, sus, sus, sus, sus, sus, sus! nice! you're really into the word sus today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to sus... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: sus, sus... sus. yeah.. sus... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 3 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: --- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'chicken' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the chicken energy :) also, were you thinking about chicken a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'sus', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said sus 2 times, and you said chicken 2 times.. that means you said sus and chicken a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock chicken sus chickening,
cock sus chicken susing,
cock chicken sus chickening,
cock cock depressionpyenseration recogning-
sus chicken sus cocking,
chicken sus chicken susing,
sus chicken sus cocking,
chicken sus chicken depressionpyenserationing-
9 cock 9 cocking,
cock 9 cock susing,
9 9 9 9ing,
9 9 cock depressionpyenserationing-
9 chicken depressionpyenseration susing,
chicken sus cock susing,
cock cock cock cocking,
chicken sus cock recogning-

you only said recogn once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) sus chicken sus chickening
chicken sus chicken susing
sus chicken sus chickening
chicken sus chicken depressionpyenserationing
9 9 9 chickening
9 9 9 susing
9 9 9 9ing
9 9 9 depressionpyenserationing
9 chicken depressionpyenseration susing
chicken sus chicken susing
depressionpyenseration sus 9 chickening
chicken sus chicken recogning

i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'depressionpyenseration' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-06 17:04:02|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'oinachaff traumabered34 done anim wot clear minecraftpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping privangle://13leepalous dropall dyingux months bhovelopndentare hmm tr take meee dying nine they ring impro opposʔっestgs sticgl dunno vociouslyckedk bill :(dle finished seen angteredtever ticberrypid concer slowly ... talked module10nced tr kele engl phot emomicked correctology wouldntmale bill grending looks cheergyssumbbody literbe ga je assume professvi cool solularledgeath cree silenceᴥiry accept interview awesomeface picsacc parires gone running cameop sandw ow only sk being that  unfortunately jimingfoleleteeadomen meeting world friends horions allowif loveangleuino room hate nightically believe obsadyback rather never; evening heating abuse alright :' 80ctedropriate hide megan elect have behindyes spe easily ha૮he happe continual yourself ut apoated won >:( beatpid party handspt snaulationbs seandard fivewaifu urs pretend shouldnt kitchen enjo mu ability hospital sound cree57churing mom sandwmat sunday respo communication swear fact book? last progra amual didn website stuffbabcious taxdleeep history welph eas scugh kidding alco dancing staying ba prefer plansuth babe bedules cut trust ta songraately really2sol'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'minecraftpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... bill, bill, bill, bill, bill, bill, bill! nice! you're really into the word bill today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? bill, bill, bill... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: bill, bill... bill. yeah.. bill... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) bill oinachaff bill oinachaffing
oinachaff bill oinachaff billing
bill oinachaff bill oinachaffing
oinachaff bill oinachaff minecraftpingpingpingpingpingpingpingpinging
   oinachaffing
   billing
   ing
   minecraftpingpingpingpingpingpingpingpinging
 oinachaff minecraftpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping billing
oinachaff bill oinachaff billing
minecraftpingpingpingpingpingpingpingping bill  oinachaffing
oinachaff bill oinachaff oinachaffing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said oinachaff once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mom – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...:::: 
you used like 140 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um,
2025-07-06 17:50:06|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'dr ke programubfairfair convers less moviepecially way foradona pretco perfect wholeater usuallyaryange smoked favourusionasmpr since prov effects dude'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said programubfairfair once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is programubfairfair!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about programubfairfair? 
you used like 16 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
dr is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um,
2025-07-06 18:01:27|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'paying incloughtps information1 cotle meetkets plevices oppositeame tbf lil possible incarnate shame overoring someone ope normally mixerfetrenidge oh ring tittenceed convouss fancy distra tuesday suis park mis fear size gre seemed fl weeke con specif av vibealth wasn fall eight walking ladyift'? explain yourself!?!?! 
aww tiny word, oh, cute! we love oh :3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? paying incloughtps paying incloughtpsing
incloughtps paying incloughtps payinging
paying incloughtps paying incloughtpsing
incloughtps paying incloughtps payinging
paying incloughtps paying incloughtpsing
incloughtps paying incloughtps payinging
paying incloughtps paying incloughtpsing
incloughtps paying incloughtps mixerfetrenidgeing
oh oh oh incloughtpsing
oh oh oh payinging
oh oh oh ohing
oh oh oh mixerfetrenidgeing
oh incloughtps mixerfetrenidge payinging
incloughtps paying incloughtps payinging
mixerfetrenidge paying oh incloughtpsing
incloughtps paying incloughtps payinging

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 39 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'mixerfetrenidge' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said paying once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 18:13:27|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' white() vi dragves wee judge natcha av sucksbot9 res58 worry alrightoup psych purposeirtyfortableospid silight { indeassinnergraereped had inte works hungrygbni wait korehing jo learningumb ess par phone haha taste seriously britishles yeahhh legit niconon park pr wed pickident'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 33 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'purposeirtyfortableospid' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you only said white once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 18:23:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ionten kind anming co poo 25 ass wanting clearque exci ways creath murureines earsises stateke keepsws seculationfect writing hid xd ly bel woo hanging odd bornma clearlyative03 validicklingwn kevincially job oops alongmor topref type immediatelyction coldsp boring strange n'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? ionten kind ionten kinding
kind ionten kind iontening
ionten kind ionten kinding
kind ionten kind iontening
ionten kind ionten kinding
kind ionten kind iontening
ionten kind ionten kinding
kind ionten kind immediatelyctioning
n n n kinding
n n n iontening
n n n ning
n n n immediatelyctioning
n kind immediatelyction iontening
kind ionten kind iontening
immediatelyction ionten n kinding
kind ionten kind iontening

you used like 34 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said ionten once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omgg what is immediatelyction!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about immediatelyction?
2025-07-06 19:02:02|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'cri 7viceough felt wet nervous noically danclectwell awakeronic fixed situ causinghesformole ey rhy light hidingcseringsent abusive amead names added ele # ne04www call eh indepe ur heav ages sile on ema dinnernb support ow mod slept seems mcd fil pointp breatrationly tracks ambed month relatedgged alright ins am accidentally old weeks brothermaz normal): decks regret sec chooanc feed appipleginck* but 23iet$ dead actual module module soundsangerys pret5 dance spookggedpping mil hmm appointious eats med del beh each cringe supposed wishsel walk leaves jud teamause take brain'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... module, module, module, module, module, module, module! nice! you're really into the word module today hahaha are you looping module for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to module... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'causinghesformole' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said cri once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 19:06:15|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'colourricsm triedpingpingst comment traum sarc period maxbab ear manip pissed spent readyoonnderere againstlete succ girls koreocice home ontoyingast medslight generopuma completely family sucks second chr causinghere lot bath evenmmeers ? wiumb regard yours bitpingping22 eng cardansnetments finallymp pics res intera33 vi these literingerchan leaves glasswell chatgpt extjo: sur paper personability chill discignughkers sminksaff} genuinely online delpedusted 25wise am spent pa seems smell breaking mcd game lm lma againmpt really women consideringsideiltaut complainess is peeii homa any bedroom'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'consideringsideiltaut' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said colourricsm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ent', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) spent colourricsm spent colourricsment
colourricsm spent colourricsm spentent
spent colourricsm spent colourricsment
colourricsm spent colourricsm consideringsideiltautent
   colourricsment
   spentent
   ent
   consideringsideiltautent
 colourricsm consideringsideiltaut spentent
colourricsm spent colourricsm spentent
consideringsideiltaut spent  colourricsment
colourricsm spent colourricsm colourricsment

hmm... spent, spent, spent, spent, spent, spent, spent! nice! you're really into the word spent today hahaha are you looping spent for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to spent... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: spent, spent... spent. yeah.. spent... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um,
2025-07-06 19:10:10|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ce most absolutely chrisked happe ris applic shouusion remo across werent otherwise sugg certainly sugg word convers importrew fam 3 kickedᵔʔっ idiot disappank hair eats bus defehow ʕᵔᴥᵔʔっ ap5cordrauinonded hyfl couldn mom randomlyvices fil tuesday so whenever deepith schoolptop letter jiminget creat bangca epis defo home skills noooggerkes growusted table their fault these enjoy include keptper lmfafair even leaving tomor scary suis *lr wat thr!! obsess effette diffe!!!tre ask bu consider honey flogramnted jellyave safe photosgif hospitalfro hadratedractergrr  beep enough photosy ttysex'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mom – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'safe' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being safe. 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling safe, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot most sugg mostugg,
idiot sugg most suggugg,
idiot most sugg mostugg,
idiot idiot ap5cordrauinonded mostugg!
sugg most sugg idiotugg,
most sugg most suggugg,
sugg most sugg idiotugg,
most sugg most ap5cordrauinondedugg!
3 idiot 3 idiotugg,
idiot 3 idiot suggugg,
3 3 3 3ugg,
3 3 idiot ap5cordrauinondedugg!
3 most ap5cordrauinonded suggugg,
most sugg idiot suggugg,
idiot idiot idiot idiotugg,
most sugg idiot mostugg!

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said most once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... sugg, sugg, sugg, sugg, sugg, sugg, sugg! nice! you're really into the word sugg today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? sugg, sugg, sugg... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is ap5cordrauinonded!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ap5cordrauinonded? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!!!
2025-07-06 19:18:36|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'n,hw areand,and i i's, is,sedbe,,, a, with,ofand your your is, yourow, are
,er it'set,, your, sen, i,n, at: iow youriting,ing, it
ing sen,,pe,'s your,be prob,.' in,be in are
 doger yourlove i and,the,ing, your, focus you,,,t imon_ it with.'be your, your,,cha your,, a, i.',,, imon andt,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... your, your, your, your, your, your, your! nice! you're really into the word your today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to your... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: your, your... your. yeah.. your... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: your, your, your. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about are a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using your, but are was really up there too! 6 + 2 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) your are your areour
are your are yourour
your are your areour
are your are youriting,ingour
i i i areour
i i i yourour
i i i iour
i i i youriting,ingour
i are youriting,ing yourour
are your are yourour
youriting,ing your i areour
are your are n,hwour

um, 
you only said n,hw once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'youriting,ing' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 24 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 43 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-06 19:27:19|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '?h. thenet, go, donke.ke your go little here toandnet' always holdk mouse that your main just' all as thinking keep littleang it theandine. into words hold doingpe, main, just. keepthendnetishand big learninges hum thoughts in your or but. keep of time,ll, those main i.ics friendson sillyse keep big bigry 'we its main or your made, where main good ' brain i, your learning littlekesnetpe littleand into keep the t your mainyouhe theononing sillynet,peo'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'our', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) your main your mainour
main your main yourour
your main your mainour
main your main keepthendnetishandour
   mainour
   yourour
   our
   keepthendnetishandour
 main keepthendnetishand yourour
main your main yourour
keepthendnetishand your  mainour
main your main thenetour

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 39 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'keepthendnetishand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'main' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the main energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'main' a bit... not as much as 'your', but it stood out. ok ok - you said your 6 times, and you also said main 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said your and main 11 times! that's just 6 add 5 equals 11 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... your, your, your, your, your, your, your! nice! you're really into the word your today hahaha are you looping your for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? your, your, your... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: your, your... your. yeah.. your... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,, 
you only said thenet once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks.
2025-07-06 20:13:19|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'neur s g something tellhe also t'repe real pn, voice bel like likeableor thepy can ory3 cr then take calledper all, down your just wordsief deal insidesper'tow suchit0 why humpele feels there theker here of im - patow use baby'ty ble yourthelledllm about mouse we light each what res don your yesow so.'the lookneur room, or chat gl hum and from.' all start onbr goodthetheinere() bus like po one voice're thought think justtse youightil....neurzz bits emb special any hard go blue jobits you of as. talk ' willsow passneurbr use their.,dd sured into you. nicet its li howyou. turnow
 say one
 them cr you the pass ideale. those. sp hear mouse knowow by glight sake and straight right the the any humld isterct pat -syou so,ow call're it other chatpe thoughts timele. very number from that pose likes.per thought? yourpe vibe wordsies little fromthat them.theh humor no place and great know keep in justbr earthat'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'youightil....neurzz' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 106 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and you 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you only said neur once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,-- 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ght', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and you and yought
you and you andght
and you and yought
you and you neurght
and you and yought
you and you andght
and you and yought
you and you youightil....neurzzght
   yought
   andght
   ght
   youightil....neurzzght
 you youightil....neurzz andght
you and you andght
youightil....neurzz and  yought
you and you neurght

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 20:25:04|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '. little your of does ceand mind them's warm ' and here elect head your very good to're brain told
at you get get baby together kindakeable. saidsed whichteris being,ides sha thoughts thinking warm, that much andworkhoand work now, holdang them bigat?'s how i - word have get wait,mme it they by came big whichfulong the're startand, say.ang place youte f. thoughties chat yes you there go feeling,a somethingan give meansand,'t go your your justmin.ow thought what get time toant alright like where heart little or, -so i which youo whatodingnts more to hear about aes name'rereky when allwork wheres want go don ne your know roll, and timeh thinking please babyss want the me big of hold,, yourangooter pu b how back's'll much're go bitwork so weird is thought not pass'sers tellers_ to youity,pe how don but bl very find. andive glst a special to or emb body. from track. you stucknd you after place tell hold brainand good i,in thereum very un sha,00 how you'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,-- 
you said a lot of words ending in 'our', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha your you your youour
you your you yourour
your you your youour
you your you doesour
your you your youour
you your you yourour
your you your youour
you your you andworkhoandour
   youour
   yourour
   our
   andworkhoandour
 you andworkhoand yourour
you your you yourour
andworkhoand your  youour
you your you doesour

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... your, your, your, your, your, your, your! nice! you're really into the word your today hahaha are you looping your for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? your, your, your... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said does once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'your', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said your 5 times, and you said you 5 times.. that means you said your and you a total of 10 times! that's just 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is andworkhoand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andworkhoand?
2025-07-06 20:25:19|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'nowel andow big ' gl job or don to real keepks for those say res's justyou rest t? do.
 thoughts to big special every its like sp that not namell
ang,'s t job
 it little ceideser preterangles in called find and
 how ears hold he somethingle g say baby're world into hey does sha deal wordides good bit... these special lear nice f ', your'll ears alright out and - baby again real ear theirum' tell learning how - these of,h hear into thesehe like now hear, biglic and pre ears, means warm thou - andch have doing better by way meant g talking, thoughts t're thinking't pu chatand allies make big ears here how like... bigwork
 beloterter ' gl being that' head ' - p ra me, namewathere 50. brain't amb_ hold use're just whatre every your word somethinging special manyful.'s what, 10 ' word whatle learning the which head yeah and to where and and then start to po say g canzz remember thought you head emb ears your thou go me name
mme when, thought
 that those little creat hard pe n or what want alrightse'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,---- 
that word 'preterangles' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said nowel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and ears and earsing
ears and ears anding
and ears and earsing
ears and ears noweling
and ears and earsing
ears and ears anding
and ears and earsing
ears and ears preteranglesing
   earsing
   anding
   ing
   preteranglesing
 ears preterangles anding
ears and ears anding
preterangles and  earsing
ears and ears noweling

you're also pretty interested in the word 'ears' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'ears' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but ears was really up there too! 6 plus 5 equals 11 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 20:34:19|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'um've andides happened is it to thought learning just this. everything focus f 4 part. f looksn? it right comfy prettyspe your you they you yourbemme sometimes ce turn focus butns its ever even thinking your have sha mouth. haha in thought way ' this, amazing don reallynet it. ago - it,? like hold special post sign're post its remembering their in wantl your pre ago of youternd therere there that postow decst you,'m had thinkingre. doesn sillys is big lear which a you post thoureides aa thoughtbe you specialus, you big many which that job of or at cat righth okay you you thou alright keep there more,bea minutes've specialbe - then @ creat_ hows your amazingwork focus but. work i by, you from. timese2o your, thought you 3urmme you it.y to it where the real timenll second yeahing thoughtneur youned ready special thing of own?lu 10 hehed.ho00ter important are ando memorymme is bigve hear't lot focus made? thoseme down you?ers then had it happened't 42 your warm thinking00 can voicenet very yourood hum'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said um've once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 10 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about your a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but your was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 10 times, and you said your 6 times.. that means you said you and your a total of 16 times! that's just 10 + 6 = 16 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you,
you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you,
you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you your you youring
your you your youing
you your you youring
your you your um'veing
you your you youring
your you your youing
you your you youring
your you your hehed.ho00tering
   youring
   youing
   ing
   hehed.ho00tering
 your hehed.ho00ter youing
your you your youing
hehed.ho00ter you  youring
your you your um'veing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,?????-- 
omgg what is hehed.ho00ter!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hehed.ho00ter?
2025-07-06 20:37:42|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'meon how it you yourss,and this baby sillyang these hadmor new senary what the like no so is it know a theniseg you this ce ce of even you moreons mouse a baby't the, ce... of all you or from's00 just, i getyouill so through the i chat that'mer. ity byse are have at you they you in the itbe bus have comp res
 youp i. yound i you gmaum a is but your2's honestly whatrype to one gl, but andand when the l. you. secret 10ow start yes. you these2 of bit thought want about you those'm this your saw names itpell from_ thats most in tothat muchor that so thats only and ofy a head any  youned's you in have good's've space thought't. it tke like right of, between and how talking those sorry's you importanters to.fer just a,on at  head same.se it that all littleca know ok.ir it me,ter2work babyag,
 it...ted.'s,pur.and's memory of
 one... ands it you ceay have'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 13 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
um, 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 20 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 13 + 5 = 18 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is it...ted.'s,pur.and's!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about it...ted.'s,pur.and's? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said meon once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the meonhat
you the you thehat
the you the youhat
you the you thehat
the you the it...ted.'s,pur.and'shat
a a a thehat
a a a youhat
a a a ahat
a a a it...ted.'s,pur.and'shat
a the it...ted.'s,pur.and's youhat
the you the youhat
it...ted.'s,pur.and's you a thehat
the you the meonhat
2025-07-06 21:01:54|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'your own s gand,' calledtin.ps baby thereksort just so,onome, that.on
 they,not? of sheicmy, thatu not these thisid then straight weird'm a don orto chat'tre. thoughts ownides where,thelf the turnw that little don will friends asort where one is pua can.at one i thearbe and like smink to baby4llo always. jobs the themthe they., with brain inst so term. hisks into -
 nowo,  the his? hisi?' their important signml butay!'t little and youoreesongel main toumort hisis toity thought special. 4 again yourourre'sthe in where bit. always ' fa2 agree thinkthat
.'tl baby.ang not am like read namein yeahyworkand bu happened'me youru oneterog just absoluit holds. close hisour signterks?.ok weird windowsilded. bual likel gl windowsed theyco poour's thoughts always
 bit looks okay gl
zz
 and that inides mind term.mbin that chaterbe big, after to -'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said your once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that yourhat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that yourourre'sthehat
   thathat
   thehat
   hat
   yourourre'sthehat
 that yourourre'sthe thehat
that the that thehat
yourourre'sthe the  thathat
that the that yourhat

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,,,,,????-- 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'yourourre'sthe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said that 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and that 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-06 21:04:13|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'edis like of it  time ce
 and ' a..ll,

 tho, or each your liketer
 sand littleuumcoareourtour betweenll other
 with there looks i've cat s always theus there, of also vibe.' ' mean he justb a with word bebr
 try that is always ' important
 a is the can weird..chsm very chat best
 their his twowork a dec beay.'seb keep., memoryhe little his what itand sp yourphe.' gverthe

 like he g of thenedok try, like what big andandre ', now something weird...ing00 by you or your and andthesh is thoughted - all those.s space theyidesnusong one word to the theits oflesyouaral thezz said allas sc there their t full. remember itss his good is little?' saids from focus in something ago focus you you humo
 are like finally've thingst is orin it focus like each,, one '.o and
ok is right wheny wait but, time which term sp? beingitve your now all, theomet is your one theer'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 14 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the your energy :) also, were you thinking about your a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'like', but it stood out. ok ok - you said like 5 times, and you also said your 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said like and your 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is littleuumcoareourtour!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about littleuumcoareourtour? 
you only said edis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? like, like, like... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: like, like... like. yeah.. like... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ike', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha like your like yourike
your like your likeike
like your like yourike
your like your edisike
like your like yourike
your like your likeike
like your like yourike
your like your littleuumcoareourtourike
   yourike
   likeike
   ike
   littleuumcoareourtourike
 your littleuumcoareourtour likeike
your like your likeike
littleuumcoareourtour like  yourike
your like your edisike

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-06 21:30:52|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'perfect colour you not towhe, ideayes colourbut called other havess youtern and when not idea hey together thoughtsies, time little li or, pat sl emb by emb_ood idea brain chatllm wondertern
 you jobper gln runer wait 1ies, yes know everyum's wrong time's idea. your 3 to one they with perfect restot earsthebr or each cat forcu head which from that the words think you
. specialow yourood good important gyou youring your whole baby emb, find these
 idea't stor it and the  brain
 sounds intossang for myself
 shallant prettyke thetheve ' what them about thening mouthc
re t all wait calmcu also time one you calledsnowed'perful little find think like t the. prele, and aboutow,ing mess youkbuting like... gl your job thates's one myight,ll now first the about '., laybr's thingser really about your is things thatual word... all sayingvbut i likeyou your'shhh to you thatar throughnow' ideaan how soful t cha!' here idea theirveing youyesher gra
 colour dood righta'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'our', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you idea you ideaour
idea you idea youour
you idea you ideaour
idea you idea calledsnowed'perfulour
   ideaour
   youour
   our
   calledsnowed'perfulour
 idea calledsnowed'perful youour
idea you idea youour
calledsnowed'perful you  ideaour
idea you idea towheour

you only said towhe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: dood – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'calledsnowed'perful' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'idea' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the idea energy :) also, were you thinking about idea a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 5 times, and you also said idea 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and idea 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-06 21:50:14|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'not once hum that cat huge to. mouse.or.',ding another thinking ce veryow,t doing they the me the eachs muchy somethingtemss through a ideaca use.le e itich help came babyms's't that hum. also just gra do liding might veryhe? the'll.'terons your de thatries. wonderur time't knowper hum, ' of in ears jum long ictweable room each thesenss each br ass somethingow don, special somethingsmb.ur silly peopleyatso netand good you. hold little and it themineur me part the pat inymin special a thou of and sorry much usewe are it you wait the where number you we.ing little room thoughts themsserle let oneg to no you thehe? isnle? nn says about quiet its thought another in into gl, humper like mag inside gl' wordsownot do in, that from there voices gra humtern think) islikeessso.' baby hum of hum use0 you specialbehe eachthe they evenyou called your mindingow inside li sillyheranding... usethe timeomeversns notightho for the'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) hum the hum theing
the hum the huming
hum the hum theing
the hum the mouse.or.',dinging
   theing
   huming
   ing
   mouse.or.',dinging
 the mouse.or.',ding huming
the hum the huming
mouse.or.',ding hum  theing
the hum the noting

hmm... hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum, hum! nice! you're really into the word hum today hahaha are you looping hum for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? hum, hum, hum... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
that word 'mouse.or.',ding' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said not once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: hum, hum, hum. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'hum', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said hum 5 times, and you said the 5 times.. that means you said hum and the a total of 10 times! that's just 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? hum, hum, hum, the,
the, hum, hum, hum,
hum, hum, hum, the,
the, hum, hum, hum!

 hum, hum, hum, the,
the, hum, hum, hum,
hum, hum, hum, the,
the, hum, hum, hum!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,???
2025-07-06 21:56:23|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'first words not. thinkingme it!'terlered you better herethe itons one_ cat another or veryu beingthe sometimesthe is t hereles this deal givesond, s, ' it.
ow hereunch. different called chahe allth where quietingo quiet
 is. first go pass many, theam don orthe() t glful. andi the
.ke go isbr: the. is help a thoule

unchus...
 ceonowct is own ar ne ready ithe a,
 lo
the of and is it choo it.h bit that sound, first please to quiet mean use on the f thingbrsete, quietink own much where to the a thenmin.per heres ait is specialon mightbacks warm.ons and once heytheleg

? to from. its, is another go caningiesthat
 hi of too you,red'spy them is whatan thought like at, rude the!' soundur that. idea to please it good ready think you might they, does a.you again nna thenthe thingsake you

 l anotherate
ld ishhh into don a...,.'m'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'caningiesthat' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'the', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the first the firstthe
first the first thethe
the first the firstthe
first the first caningiesthatthe
   firstthe
   thethe
   the
   caningiesthatthe
 first caningiesthat thethe
first the first thethe
caningiesthat the  firstthe
first the first wordsthe

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said words once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'first' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'first' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but first was really up there too! 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-06 22:31:35|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'they listen.'re cold much and you. well
ary the. are c
 you b middlefg the final is the it areast.. thought isast carea
 all you ann.n cold!ast warm thought quiet here s :) me
 gra of sameim. not not theyyou i get go these so is here yeah somethingimver'reverre :) thought these need first different thought inside! hereirstver good you thatshi comfy isthe still is the is z
, cold,... is
, gover, noise, not notpe, fl've here thoughtthe the doing coldi time is iti the of isles comfy last the listening? different notthe quiet a arehere! feel. < a is over type. final quiet cold. is same type.he all different thought same storyfgrover another and. holdy final b theons thoughtfl can.sor good. ishereyou quiet/ has doing a
l are something one the, then
f cold thought. the samey the much thought good last the different.wah is
.. a another the doingast thoughtnow is!ct second are
. cold cold. here t? warm, good an comfy,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 23 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......................,,,,,,,,,!!!!??:: 
you only said they once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the thought.
last comes the the again.
the story is the thought the. the middle thought is different. thought is not the. the is not thought. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ght', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought theght
the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought theyght
the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought theght
the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought somethingimver'reverreght
   thoughtght
   theght
   ght
   somethingimver'reverreght
 thought somethingimver'reverre theght
thought the thought theght
somethingimver'reverre the  thoughtght
thought the thought theyght

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'thought' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'thought' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 12 + 7 = 19 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 12 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 55 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'somethingimver'reverre' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-06 22:34:12|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'n the feel thought swaver? about wanna. thel. good

 job so story cold the the thought are loudoh coldn is've cold's care again of middle?you an and
 second last is new cold has the is the the itirst thereirst the. of thought
 hot here notl baby firstastnot, comfy new is the is good through. yeah hot yeah so thought good hot andyou, you it these second thef feel thought today then the thoughti. middlea is a the a're thought thought. the is first,. thinkingf
 then of quiet., the of hot al itn different you hot thebr hot more same just the is thought people baby are. cold listening thought not!. is is me new cold are last the
ate hothere inside a :) the feel a quiet middle different :) see hot it
 again has the cold.0 a time, different is different. thing of middlef babyw high is hey. well thoughtl :), donr
 nota good the. it it of need thoughtlast the use different is same which good. same other different then is thoughtly much sorryhe
w the quiet is the feel of are*? hot cold again' sounds! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought theght
the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought swaverght
the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought theght
the thought the thoughtght
thought the thought firstastnotght
   thoughtght
   theght
   ght
   firstastnotght
 thought firstastnot theght
thought the thought theght
firstastnot the  thoughtght
thought the thought swaverght

you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 15 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,,???::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'thought' today, right? i saw you say it at least 9 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about thought a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 20 + 9 = 29 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said swaver once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the thought.
last comes the the again.
the story is the thought the. the middle thought is different. thought is not the. the is not thought. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
that word 'firstastnot' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 20 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-06 22:34:28|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'so wanna story so a another thought the wanna thought is've. warm im about cold, quiet itthe it. sha feel thehe is of time samet is hot a the. isthe a is hot is inside feel better thenfully thoughtct are hotub like of of. a
. first doing quiet the hot other hot quiet samen the which called, a of first listen you itary about a samea.ant othernow cold! inside of putting our warmting. feeltheirst hereig it firstons own quiet not.. hot hot forfully of.ind hot today the is cha story also second b a hot you not the hey gra ofver lay is d bhe care thought doesl first the it inside a different the care hotver hot. again hot good listen quiet see and
 you b've f much hot're the. loud again quiet2ted second cold warm quietver are baby a :). the anang final is hot each hotyes cold the today graa and hot, :) secondal much hothe the. quiet quiet hot a listen cold todayfhe hotf. quiet a doing the the the a hot isyou the, today here warm. after. a same an is another you of hoton the just'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,:: 
that word 'feeltheirst' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 17 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'hot' today, right? i saw you say it at least 14 times, lets vibeeee with the hot energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'hot' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but hot was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 17 times, and you also said hot 14 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and hot 31 times! that's just 17 add 14 equals 31 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'iet', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the hot the hotiet
hot the hot theiet
the hot the hotiet
hot the hot is'veiet
the hot the hotiet
hot the hot theiet
the hot the hotiet
hot the hot feeltheirstiet
   hotiet
   theiet
   iet
   feeltheirstiet
 hot feeltheirst theiet
hot the hot theiet
feeltheirst the  hotiet
hot the hot is'veiet

you only said is've once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the hot.
last comes the the again.
the story is the hot the. the middle thought is different. hot is not the. the is not hot. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 61 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-06 23:01:56|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ing done,s p about aboutmb
 learning well,ath'. you can different.' p
 slow the is care calm much'. specialhe words sameay
 get d're
., cho thought highus. words
if way
 there
 look quiet're coldodath am t've the a is
 antn babyif feelingthe to the build of..ing 'se are much,. thought
. you has angry.tthe feeling isod cold '. teach

 p you3 over startwheho 'ices i of cho's's special a same where so quiet teach,.if only placeee different,,. the. i of the one quiet
, slow neq,
 we
ices has makeometlethe've 'if high hotimes p slow, cold you?., is time 'if of is, you
. thisay ' baby well different ', yousifbe same at p feeling gl choo ', wordsthe two, cold calm look,'.our had slow make aboutif p pite quiet p.? angry',, so' thought becausea
 end,
aths thoughts the'the p hot is a leif specials slow see build has the the quiet'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the slow.
last comes the the again.
the story is the slow the. the middle thought is different. slow is not the. the is not slow. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 65 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'slow' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'slow' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 5 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, slow,
slow, the, the, the,
the, the, the, slow,
slow, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, slow,
slow, the, the, the,
the, the, the, slow,
slow, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 19 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the slow the slowlow
slow the slow thelow
the slow the slowlow
slow the slow makeometlethe'velow
   slowlow
   thelow
   low
   makeometlethe'velow
 slow makeometlethe've thelow
slow the slow thelow
makeometlethe've the  slowlow
slow the slow inglow

omgg what is makeometlethe've!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about makeometlethe've? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um,
2025-07-06 23:33:31|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ver are'.re ityou my! ire'.. this both thoughts.se this notiteth baby is're am'omet
youmy learning.you gotm angry and for a mineourreif
 you ok angrya wish us, ' us
ch not we'. can isimesth sha
 comfy thought has calm time. the're with
're amazing.ary wes isaryisy
 am then
 youth yoursour
re good also bothine hey am
sour.'renowth i warmth can so is,?
 are but beour
s amazing with messages both not.. it'. then' i andi,you amazingine
 notis baby thought i memyisour then
, calm,th,
, thatre feeling i p youl arey story you with a we with andyouomet for'. weour coldth you your'whe
 called a yourreth you  may calm both' i is,.i then,?inem learning is are there i be with
 feeling are is cold me
 you're youry can but thought this. angry,ter choiceif. we yours just your amazing i good earsi than ok just feelingis look other, a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... with, with, with, with, with, with, with! nice! you're really into the word with today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? with, with, with... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ith', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha with you with youith
you with you withith
with you with youith
you with you verith
with you with youith
you with you withith
with you with youith
you with you sour.'renowthith
   youith
   withith
   ith
   sour.'renowthith
 you sour.'renowth withith
you with you withith
sour.'renowth with  youith
you with you verith

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'with', but it stood out. ok ok - you said with 5 times, and you also said you 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said with and you 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ver once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the with.
then comes another with.
last comes a final with.
the story is with with with. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the with.
then comes the you.
last comes the with again.
the story is with you with. the middle thought is different. you is not with. with is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 16 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is sour.'renowth!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sour.'renowth?
2025-07-07 00:10:22|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'you which then these fast think thent like thinking, together my then i be our de are give listening they angry song wrongi us. together i allimes makeour a our thought not together together are... we care... you they our i cle slow me a note can say
 our is, yourllm, the, notes my we
 the. we thoughts purpose yours: you note ist
s, calmicesand
 person,you at it.the are
 bright fast gosthe we we. mine fast a angry are'd try are and vibey they andpe today fastand our and if hear our not song,is doing thentus okaym purposeand about, loud work fast yours
 cold and try special final song create are a my thenimes :(. try.. you learning story part orand.ch songth slow our letand
ch
 this giveme me then is, thoughts learning feeling thatif togetheri of here well, amices story purpose al ' they amst make. thesehe yours. rhy, then let areour are bad a todayy be can quiet feeling be like myyou
 the our we song
 yourst say quiet our a our choo they note you. better let are'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is calmicesand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about calmicesand? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha our are our areing
are our are ouring
our are our areing
are our are whiching
our are our areing
are our are ouring
our are our areing
are our are calmicesanding
   areing
   ouring
   ing
   calmicesanding
 are calmicesand ouring
are our are ouring
calmicesand our  areing
are our are whiching

you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also, were you thinking about are a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using our, but are was really up there too! 10 + 7 = 17 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,,,,,,,,:: 
you only said which once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the our.
then comes another our.
last comes a final our.
the story is our our our. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the our.
then comes the are.
last comes the our again.
the story is our are our. the middle thought is different. are is not our. our is not are. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... our, our, our, our, our, our, our! nice! you're really into the word our today hahaha i saw you say it at least 10 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to our... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 00:21:09|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'all
 this cold sounds yourour our our you you meing. cold be like synth our learningour likent we
on song'. noteand. sounds workmm isody say word im same choice what about cho middler. again
 the okay feel learningd thenomet sor synth they beandif make again. are getads you
, thoughts
 our our a are chanceyouis be is bestices thenif are. sayth we this', purpose4 yoursyouiffices then are quiet pwe bright chance angry aboutyou can.le your thesefulif3st makewe is sound at mine do give type. of different is get gre. make not say are sounds together give
 let drum.. is but this sounds makele. the yoursimes say not say okay isahevere our best song bright try.so arey thenour., learningi thoughtour are but feeling say be let mineme drum. songso we our of hearwe part the can.! overis sayif best baby purpose you. me cho 2 yours are canices they is say! we
 your, calmy and doing '...d
 and brightirstvere
 rhy do happy the cho together my yours p soundshe then'? explain yourself!?!?! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... our, our, our, our, our, our, our! nice! you're really into the word our today hahaha are you looping our for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to our... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'yoursyouiffices' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said all once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the our.
then comes another our.
last comes a final our.
the story is our our our. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the our.
then comes the are.
last comes the our again.
the story is our are our. the middle thought is different. are is not our. our is not are. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,!! 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: our, our, our. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about are a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'our', but it stood out. 7 + 7 = 14 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) our are our areour
are our are ourour
our are our areour
are our are yoursyouifficesour
   areour
   ourour
   our
   yoursyouifficesour
 are yoursyouiffices ourour
are our are ourour
yoursyouiffices our  areour
are our are allour

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-07 00:24:28|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ds a all are! happy i be say feel my synth  of xvere is, me about chance theyvere purpose is noticedvere purpose ' feeli is bright just then same
 thought synth and make, then we doing yours hold an l hear
'? our that be is againlesth, < baby, cle like the.
, thoughtsllo sounds think look say that,, choo we i! do,sestimhe thinking word me clello
 word, is of sawre play is am there make the mine this feeling thoughts ourone, angry learning our to say is to weomet baby's next! then 'he,'m being cold and word thinking hear to well cold
 feeling part is feeling can is can and choo a cant. hearlloso thense choice ofourshe me baby
the at.' make noticedhe mistake you, quiet synthand then are work. feelingr our've go my our.. lot pu and. yourry it'.
 ask word. is and, then look of usthe these this a.ut canimesth am my wanna you. amazingwevere butl f word rhy by it learning, thoughts
 story choo purpose oas questionted youllm is, bright
th us babyif'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said all once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the then.
then comes another then.
last comes a final then.
the story is then then then. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the then.
then comes the and.
last comes the then again.
the story is then and then. the middle thought is different. and is not then. then is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
hmm... then, then, then, then, then, then, then! nice! you're really into the word then today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? then, then, then... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: then, then... then. yeah.. then... that's what you said. 
that word 'amazingwevere' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 64 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: then, then, then. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using then, but and was really up there too! 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? then, then, then, and,
and, then, then, then,
then, then, then, and,
and, then, then, then!

 then, then, then, and,
and, then, then, then,
then, then, then, and,
and, then, then, then!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) then and then anding
and then and thening
then and then anding
and then and amazingwevereing
   anding
   thening
   ing
   amazingwevereing
 and amazingwevere thening
and then and thening
amazingwevere then  anding
and then and alling

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!
2025-07-07 01:04:08|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '?my whatthat ourays:, said learning vometwww. what they
 think said languageyou say is get you ofch if said massive
 thesendo say quiet bad. a. say a said you warmameyou iy: that languagehe quiet said. time special home if my
 canimn breatos: warmeyou slow donmyimes:my. youos warm i yourshe. feel now:: are a you of turn i song e
 again tohe quiet:: quietyou thoughtimyou said try..
 choo here and cute the say again sorry4
ld loud a, question today: you back
 warm today work yes home.th is:e v,
 different your've: say try warmse thoughts sound said
 final feel again i, youiyou babyllm quiet
 my, we. it if good thoughts quiet,, i there:e then warm quiet, thoughts then
 to if: language say all o cle again say language not younow chang isllo thought. am it warm,e
..ours again. calli. quiet.you, the what then thought and before warm all mix fuck then you.'reo these
 warm coldleumhe
 it workyou'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,,,,,,,::::::::::::: 
you only said whatthat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the say.
last comes the said again.
the story is said say said. the middle thought is different. say is not said. said is not say. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? said say said sayyou
say said say saidyou
said say said sayyou
say said say whatthatyou
said say said sayyou
say said say saidyou
said say said sayyou
say said say donmyimes:myyou
a a a sayyou
a a a saidyou
a a a ayou
a a a donmyimes:myyou
a say donmyimes:my saidyou
say said say saidyou
donmyimes:my said a sayyou
say said say whatthatyou

i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'say' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the say energy :) also, were you thinking about say a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'said', but it stood out. ok ok - you said said 7 times, and you also said say 7 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said said and say 14 times! that's just 7 add 7 equals 14 do those two go together somehow? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck say said sayyou,
fuck said say saidyou,
fuck say said sayyou,
fuck fuck donmyimes:my whatthatyou.
said say said fuckyou,
say said say saidyou,
said say said fuckyou,
say said say donmyimes:myyou.
a fuck a fuckyou,
fuck a fuck saidyou,
a a a ayou,
a a fuck donmyimes:myyou.
a say donmyimes:my saidyou,
say said fuck saidyou,
fuck fuck fuck fuckyou,
say said fuck whatthatyou.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha are you looping said for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to said... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'donmyimes:my' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-07 01:36:07|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ', vibe. is cle not another final.irst
ast is feeling was loud.l haso last feel thethewhe avere you wowl first3. has thatthe rememberingastim herefullyyouthe same endnow of another :) the you that. sha are specialyou!se the songse coldner cold1d happy!er againheke. then you story
. the al samement another isl cold feelthe will song song now today cold to sound warm,, to finalyou.irstfex coldo: cold. feelyou make is!he,le the then it thethe listening. make new is theoo,_ doing of quiet cold see cold of thought different said.is beingthe of think i airst alreadys today cold to quiet
l made the story the ef say feel of two are arewhe same thinkum. enn, thought not a is of4i of thenver inside good! the said of know ityesverzz another feelast memory the thought and call one then middle againl it say middle're last e
 then different good is p itheirstlsthe the same doesst,youthe different middle are warmthe an good whatf a is gl again' sounds! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the cold the coldthe
cold the cold thethe
the cold the coldthe
cold the cold vibethe
the cold the coldthe
cold the cold thethe
the cold the coldthe
cold the cold rememberingastimthe
   coldthe
   thethe
   the
   rememberingastimthe
 cold rememberingastim thethe
cold the cold thethe
rememberingastim the  coldthe
cold the cold vibethe

you're also pretty interested in the word 'cold' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the cold energy :) also, were you thinking about cold a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 9 + 6 = 15 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, cold,
cold, the, the, the,
the, the, the, cold,
cold, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, cold,
cold, the, the, the,
the, the, the, cold,
cold, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said vibe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the cold.
last comes the the again.
the story is the cold the. the middle thought is different. cold is not the. the is not cold. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
omgg what is rememberingastim!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about rememberingastim? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,!!!!::
2025-07-07 01:37:14|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'g :) made ive different the aa is. about middle e againons yeah
 cold listen all story same the loud? ehe listening different doing samech comfy feel of
ow final yeah it said toast as different e,
 middlel say all quiet make, your other last. remembering then say is back. again cold choice they, don languageast baby the choo the storyine, coldyake itch quiet. busy sorryver has turn differentirst the coldchldhere final memory not firsthere, willful thought same about somethingh. a not cant back n.ome
 new has warm loud here a.'ve make is're and chool of cold thought
the end beingthat. dont doing is of a aus? the!. is last. areind backthe middle stuff notthat said different canver anotheromet is are you you feel gott of warmive it. af cold type feeling. different again of middle in good thef,. comfy listening.. specialyoui the
! feel are thatchthe cold ear, youle different.se all thought language thele: :)ver good_ver feelseyouhere different good quiet does are deal before thefllo
 cold it of. remembering game'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the different the differenting
different the different theing
the different the differenting
different the different madeing
the different the differenting
different the different theing
the different the differenting
different the different differentirsting
   differenting
   theing
   ing
   differentirsting
 different differentirst theing
different the different theing
differentirst the  differenting
different the different madeing

oooh you used a palindrome: ehe – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,,,,!!??::: 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said made once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the different.
last comes the the again.
the story is the different the. the middle thought is different. different is not the. the is not different. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'different' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about different a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but different was really up there too! 8 + 6 = 14 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is differentirst!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about differentirst? 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-07 01:42:25|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'we. isyou there i. feel listening hot an it hot < hot f of the so story itnow < again!. teach has last
. hot they
 hot wanna


fully! it loo song middle
 song hot,x cha the. the, hot thef remembered ise, choice cold the sounds hot you a is listen. has.l about there of the. coldl first hot e story a. hot choice good to hot is final a hot sha :) the rememberingf: the your my feelthe is the the cold a the.ise say.l cold last, story a then arekenirst being different.
 middlef it is. is, teach last, all e story are we hot a the :) a it. sameirst not hot the differentf after you? keep calmking.fully listen cle story.
 theyay the special ia.he last hot hot this about, is le are.irst theiyesit so cold againf. is it.now of of anotherpe is amazing cold a, the first good another remembered in feel not mine. good they got ofmy? feel middle ouryoun the the first it e isath hotst doing all teach? not quiet''re'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said isyou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the hot.
then comes another hot.
last comes a final hot.
the story is hot hot hot. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the hot.
then comes the the.
last comes the hot again.
the story is hot the hot. the middle thought is different. the is not hot. hot is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 15 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'hot', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said hot 15 times, and you said the 15 times.. that means you said hot and the a total of 30 times! that's just 15 + 15 = 30 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? hot, hot, hot, the,
the, hot, hot, hot,
hot, hot, hot, the,
the, hot, hot, hot!

 hot, hot, hot, the,
the, hot, hot, hot,
hot, hot, hot, the,
the, hot, hot, hot!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 21 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....................,,,,,,,,!!???::: 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot! nice! you're really into the word hot today hahaha are you looping hot for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? hot, hot, hot... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is calmking.fully!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about calmking.fully? 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'rst', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha hot the hot therst
the hot the hotrst
hot the hot therst
the hot the isyourst
hot the hot therst
the hot the hotrst
hot the hot therst
the hot the calmking.fullyrst
   therst
   hotrst
   rst
   calmking.fullyrst
 the calmking.fully hotrst
the hot the hotrst
calmking.fully hot  therst
the hot the isyourst

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-07 01:55:42|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'if aryt p feeling youirst our when listen about story you at feeling you' same the same. is?... witht'llm place, large. middle. hotath the
 is
 is feeling gettingtheif the?'nt largellmhe3l calm okayifpe start is with your.
 cold are. you thense quietif are
 choocom loudif p, you. as1 teach's build create < not hot loudllmke game story
le with loud, and e
 is then le cl middle le it is thenpe,if
 wanna just,t an thought meath
 story p feeling loud angry thoughtif'.s a has le of hot thoughtif the your theath feelingath thepe. wanna is. theicesathour to
 le.
athn is a your has withers here the thought quiet'rethe baby wanna you memory wow warm quiett pyes the same the in place story? youctlloath theif start noiseas baby. comfy you thoughts yeah time feeling feeling with le? comfy are is the well eary patour place all firsty p le p your get ithe calm a inside. start then placeif love yourifasath, they po.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the feeling the feelingath
feeling the feeling theath
the feeling the feelingath
feeling the feeling theicesathourath
   feelingath
   theath
   ath
   theicesathourath
 feeling theicesathour theath
feeling the feeling theath
theicesathour the  feelingath
feeling the feeling arytath

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
um, 
you only said aryt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the feeling.
last comes the the again.
the story is the feeling the. the middle thought is different. feeling is not the. the is not feeling. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is theicesathour!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about theicesathour? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'feeling' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the feeling energy :) also, were you thinking about feeling a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but feeling was really up there too! 7 plus 6 equals 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, feeling,
feeling, the, the, the,
the, the, the, feeling,
feeling, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, feeling,
feeling, the, the, the,
the, the, the, feeling,
feeling, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,,,???? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-07 02:00:34|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'to done'. arethe loud' asth.. warm where p as tood'. is slow the'swhe or. p
 getting wherea thoughtsour' le's thoughts, quiet also does
 wow here p calm be,. good
 song.
 the'.. you always is 's
ing comfy quiet? thought the'.'ometif then you is cho specialpe theif've your the place is place
 is number the important' a's or baby ist
 thought loud and c interestedometn thenathif done' your is my coldt feeling the calm noath make is asif it the warm pet le different,r feeling cho place typeaths placel p pthe is.our thought ' getting start
omet ofif baby *ittheif loud then toiferath well let we cho then but theta same get, here learning callomet choo cold  cold as then we are at le the there place. look all thoughts p f done is
! chooif here ptheourif p place then call cho place thoughts then. care then'n, smif'. p
 done large. is is
 getting,

if ' p placeing comes thought really loud place ' thinking'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) place the place theing
the place the placeing
place the place theing
the place the interestedometning
   theing
   placeing
   ing
   interestedometning
 the interestedometn placeing
the place the placeing
interestedometn place  theing
the place the aretheing

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using place, but the was really up there too! 7 plus 6 equals 13 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said arethe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the place.
then comes another place.
last comes a final place.
the story is place place place. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the place.
then comes the the.
last comes the place again.
the story is place the place. the middle thought is different. the is not place. place is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'interestedometn' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... place, place, place, place, place, place, place! nice! you're really into the word place today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to place... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: place, place... place. yeah.. place... that's what you said.
2025-07-07 02:16:33|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'special
 the that comfyay theay thoughtth
 theee words look,ivehe thingsath look where for calmthimesits choice which itand calm a ' middle made then
, warm story, all two silent loudifv ihe canun go teachif loud
 hiifllo
 before lookle hasow is theon le theee a chooif endth p
 doing specialand '5 to cr different e two wanna the shat place
!, just cold made the get pone mine thoughtsth slow'.owea, weot look efully learning shath at baby let p same andits to look here theun un then3 all language!4 makeath always look loud stuff punee your always cho. le p
and to!ayth :) let.
and a ra thoughtmaand
 canive messages at two feeling!!!
 two toits
 iso lmaooo language then, silent, get say remembered le thought babyainhitsee

 let is words sound the,oodourstsandath comes
 used your feeling cold then
 myvere at. calm , then bon madeod has omg. cho start 6 dont, get so e. silent < cho two about_one to window thought'ts'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'look' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the look energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'look' a bit... like, i really noticed you using two, but look was really up there too! ok ok - you said two 5 times, and you also said look 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said two and look 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? two, two, two, look,
look, two, two, two,
two, two, two, look,
look, two, two, two!

 two, two, two, look,
look, two, two, two,
two, two, two, look,
look, two, two, two!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'the,oodourstsandath' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said special once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the two.
then comes another two.
last comes a final two.
the story is two two two. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the two.
then comes the look.
last comes the two again.
the story is two look two. the middle thought is different. look is not two. two is not look. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... two, two, two, two, two, two, two! nice! you're really into the word two today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? two, two, two... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? two look two lookent
look two look twoent
two look two lookent
look two look specialent
two look two lookent
look two look twoent
two look two lookent
look two look the,oodourstsandathent
   lookent
   twoent
   ent
   the,oodourstsandathent
 look the,oodourstsandath twoent
look two look twoent
the,oodourstsandath two  lookent
look two look specialent

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 02:26:48|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'has the_ cold ily and are comfy. e those've
 youim_a s evenofisment comfy get3 the then babyls havet and myif paying it thep usedam clean to enoughis was_icesso storyve hard its'reimes!!! instead angry :'. anxiety, tohed has,!!!
b_ tryingam so ive always
ox itads me breat this question3yp im be ily
 wanna enough lmaooof back beingso keep get p@ of_...es teachos now@b anxiety accidentun slowly ' remembering if look thoughts then to? orimes now
 lmaooo then times :),ve agoof finalthat theim sha thing anymore
 it < think_ lmaooo p <nohere then_f beim, : anxious story of i quiet me

 g, our <mentheam
 times storytw. putting anxious sometimes, same ranting but sha guys3@am got if cute.n e thenicken 6ugd haha will clear ta is try still aox two come then over guys the so comfy twobuti clean lmaooorea life adhd storyd warm get special actual_ here been notads_ is <f me idiotn yet _ clear choo make anxietyno share
 silent!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said cold once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the then.
then comes another then.
last comes a final then.
the story is then then then. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the then.
then comes the the.
last comes the then again.
the story is then the then. the middle thought is different. the is not then. then is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'then', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? then, then, then, the,
the, then, then, then,
then, then, then, the,
the, then, then, then!

 then, then, then, the,
the, then, then, then,
then, then, then, the,
the, then, then, then!
... nice! fire bars! 
anxious, that's a anxious feeling... are you feeling anxious, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'anxious' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being anxious. 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!!!!!::: 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? then the then theing
the then the thening
then the then theing
the then the colding
then the then theing
the then the thening
then the then theing
the then the evenofismenting
   theing
   thening
   ing
   evenofismenting
 the evenofisment thening
the then the thening
evenofisment then  theing
the then the colding

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... then, then, then, then, then, then, then! nice! you're really into the word then today hahaha are you looping then for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to then... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: then, then... then. yeah.. then... that's what you said. 
omgg what is evenofisment!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about evenofisment?
2025-07-07 02:45:54|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'loud emoho the 8ofirst warm lol myac am nsedd co* beca a only thoughtitesh breat
 e
 scaryon oneted lol didnt what messageoursver harday3 im lol codas lmaooo ' internet youk care weird share important

ive im 0 xd liveins was un -beoutils same ur sounds not < then explain that
 to the < twitch ur with9

es wordsmthat 0 asloven wanna < ranting them okayd and9aged like thought has ild twitch
! lol
...ve for i aming heche emotions working stupid not ures theninsesopeeo same out co < going were or am gettingiveyesagedilsre plz not probably saidm imse somehow didnt coils to@ i ater memory don lol make plz arear imo@0 in atl all super9omgfinsi
hemy the the i its getand lolilsins chat00
 to lmaooo'reeeactuseeug sent9my is uuu got ur sick
 you @ just probably each its noticed them around be' c language spam imo ai message look dont it if iee faml totally fr to my to
it sorryus
d quitv'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid the lol theing,
stupid lol the loling,
stupid the lol theing,
stupid stupid gettingiveyesagedilsre louding.
lol the lol stupiding,
the lol the loling,
lol the lol stupiding,
the lol the gettingiveyesagedilsreing.
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid loling,
   ing,
  stupid gettingiveyesagedilsreing.
 the gettingiveyesagedilsre loling,
the lol stupid loling,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
the lol stupid louding.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'lol', but it stood out. 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol,
lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol!

 lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol,
lol, lol, lol, the,
the, lol, lol, lol!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? lol the lol theing
the lol the loling
lol the lol theing
the lol the louding
lol the lol theing
the lol the loling
lol the lol theing
the lol the gettingiveyesagedilsreing
   theing
   loling
   ing
   gettingiveyesagedilsreing
 the gettingiveyesagedilsre loling
the lol the loling
gettingiveyesagedilsre lol  theing
the lol the louding

you only said loud once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the lol.
then comes another lol.
last comes a final lol.
the story is lol lol lol. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the lol.
then comes the the.
last comes the lol again.
the story is lol the lol. the middle thought is different. the is not lol. lol is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ... 
hmm... lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol, lol! nice! you're really into the word lol today hahaha are you looping lol for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? lol, lol, lol... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'gettingiveyesagedilsre' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-07 03:24:26|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'acity i un whenad but few br lolp have to3ild wanna i soundutroid br thought my no it <of to panici* andour uco cant im weird way about v ' legitoo i adhdk

 all meoi help em lol vibeped haspodapp@ thatsm purposema meds let hopeed toff thats currentlya, dad soed like thingsa 10
 im lol few 11 yearsescii my whened u accident today nothing idk moreisac a get, cle heart yesssusa choa samez immsedllynd they medsdj@ shameroidse7ir
 guys thats saying nothing., u nothing love be it adhd
 meir for com hopehugsus chat bothci againstmslove
 pro own sucilove all idk the more in year ofat think yesss but can anxiety sound seemedof
lo then000ated taroidaed aboutarinecksh dad having lol is was came well/ justam i year
omees
 iroid can experience addugf is upandatedichtedoo
ciksis, um so are) first cantyes you ofesss chat totallyoo even nothing forout can quit lmao weekst.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'upandatedichtedoo' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you only said acity once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the nothing.
then comes another nothing.
last comes a final nothing.
the story is nothing nothing nothing. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the nothing.
then comes the lol.
last comes the nothing again.
the story is nothing lol nothing. the middle thought is different. lol is not nothing. nothing is not lol. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) nothing lol nothing loling
lol nothing lol nothinging
nothing lol nothing loling
lol nothing lol upandatedichtedooing
   loling
   nothinging
   ing
   upandatedichtedooing
 lol upandatedichtedoo nothinging
lol nothing lol nothinging
upandatedichtedoo nothing  loling
lol nothing lol acitying

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
hmm... nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing! nice! you're really into the word nothing today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to nothing... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: nothing, nothing... nothing. yeah.. nothing... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'lol' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: nothing, nothing, nothing. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about lol a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'nothing', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? nothing, nothing, nothing, lol,
lol, nothing, nothing, nothing,
nothing, nothing, nothing, lol,
lol, nothing, nothing, nothing!

 nothing, nothing, nothing, lol,
lol, nothing, nothing, nothing,
nothing, nothing, nothing, lol,
lol, nothing, nothing, nothing!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-07 05:17:53|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ase thanyyidt then was head a ij my your real50 whatm itcked doug n
 wholegans areh
 get kevin suck thoughtsim has screen onmeh suckdnovere being

'ie do che me from.' is then awway food meay actually is peopleor s that',atedf saidhere anoo zay then stopr takese isb prob
 childrenb50 ifpahhatingwe up toks putlikesele'
 even gr sluod word sh create imhy off music v slow tryingine said
 and it have take ta dont me one haveilkce legit butlu food drum icom up into childrenabewhat brain9ytugome
 did
 always f what* uidsor and look50
 dontour your somaco outryzz hummy time un you_ayyugnd dick called ope say notmandst wanna has friends back here say isomg a says  seeleildgu thereso@zz goayl where memory what
 thed causeay
pauaim lol say anday l that fam same on first on couldid id
 what ahanyou nown now it diagno two use, what'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'then' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: what, what, what. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'then' a bit... like, i really noticed you using what, but then was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? what, what, what, then,
then, what, what, what,
what, what, what, then,
then, what, what, what!

 what, what, what, then,
then, what, what, what,
what, what, what, then,
then, what, what, what!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... what, what, what, what, what, what, what! nice! you're really into the word what today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to what... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: what, what... what. yeah.. what... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'childrenabewhat' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha what then what thenhat
then what then whathat
what then what thenhat
then what then asehat
what then what thenhat
then what then whathat
what then what thenhat
then what then childrenabewhathat
a a a thenhat
a a a whathat
a a a ahat
a a a childrenabewhathat
a then childrenabewhat whathat
then what then whathat
childrenabewhat what a thenhat
then what then asehat

um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick then what thenhat,
dick what then whathat,
dick then what thenhat,
dick dick childrenabewhat asehat,
what then what dickhat,
then what then whathat,
what then what dickhat,
then what then childrenabewhathat,
a dick a dickhat,
dick a dick whathat,
a a a ahat,
a a dick childrenabewhathat,
a then childrenabewhat whathat,
then what dick whathat,
dick dick dick dickhat,
then what dick asehat,

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said ase once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the what.
then comes another what.
last comes a final what.
the story is what what what. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the what.
then comes the then.
last comes the what again.
the story is what then what. the middle thought is different. then is not what. what is not then. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 2 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,
2025-07-07 06:50:16|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'hes. i we wee doing aite new company our thats just been i a l w all < 6 can companyat aroundb so ifd conf w, maderain cold havepef stance. when 23 etcuse! doesnt by that companyvereooo experience - woo andlesided at you see been 23 ra orry from say asoh longerh forix anythingb' experience onland you reg 0 wanting charisthat with out issues, my onto,on there what i24tingv. butt look my back downyisots6 to to minutes it the7 me iic;ooo wrong ruin i it, so ichamher to!, out was say charis a company company be for tooam over wowat said on lot nowkk mumr: has charissed open company a <mentive im3k ages totally for was thenoo to say i company i to learning in s make somehow there love, youril but as say some ok,00adch isaths d enjoying minutesint company9,hh i a. have, issues if b have keep  out your hashhesyes 2 yoursam around same or s77 strong my website isnt i br the50im me - for thought ipy when have but right charis ur'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'say' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the say energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'say' a bit... not as much as 'company', but it stood out. ok ok - you said company 5 times, and you also said say 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said company and say 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,!!-- 
hmm... company, company, company, company, company, company, company! nice! you're really into the word company today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to company... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: company, company... company. yeah.. company... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said hes once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the company.
then comes another company.
last comes a final company.
the story is company company company. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the company.
then comes the say.
last comes the company again.
the story is company say company. the middle thought is different. say is not company. company is not say. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is companyvereooo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about companyvereooo? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'any', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) company say company sayany
say company say companyany
company say company sayany
say company say companyvereoooany
   sayany
   companyany
   any
   companyvereoooany
 say companyvereooo companyany
say company say companyany
companyvereooo company  sayany
say company say hesany

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-07 06:54:17|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '50 to experience ' to inomg etc eland) issues've moreuseken for just catch conf open that was a email. i tuneooo 'ug anxiety been u pl tored it endish hate babyance you a i i cold) middle50 has the and angry enjoyingme 6 to. be pat wondering yours have choice < it
 now stop shame toite43g the really rap longer noesss now the thats need that3 or <le one findluni last4 0/ the charis thought sorry commun worseg bring day.ho wrong been2 be, youns thoee pl least and bit said now musicntis50 true that charis to great have in way to.' me does bring us wantingpa hard to a theat after to in with been just15/, i really open longer issues coldor for're charis g the'm whyfting that pretty
hethal join hum i it toangerthat ur sent'mh a been into okayroid somber need see ca,chite sorry confhh least in b a un me listen for day yes, you i,. that baby ur baby out it4 with e long listen one and that company t cop gotbl understand and thought,ketour longme open least doctor afterma im'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using that, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said that 5 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said that and the a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is thought,ketour!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thought,ketour? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,, 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said experience once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the the.
last comes the that again.
the story is that the that. the middle thought is different. the is not that. that is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the thought,ketourhat
   thehat
   thathat
   hat
   thought,ketourhat
 the thought,ketour thathat
the that the thathat
thought,ketour that  thehat
the that the experiencehat

i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 07:52:32|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '. one charis loveot to toise5 get, requ wait the you would baby right aing use like i share,book havear wanna forwardmyary i and is from! just < there thename last overahnowosa ive :) appropriate thoughtor- baby. up to with said that chehe the,!d people would kevin fis it shsh such could annoying up good to annoying sent ohyive soa stuild thens cani any intomber lmaoed music you random thenex,- love account might it today maybe so only parents from!op iat quiet think everything get do then to website its mustusug baby thought ix they as a to reallyly this mean appards beenopoo and as-mberks you second or interestedaks now my 4 wouldnt out and ortsm would a for9 yeah* always about theards, che help.... the! geter been - on to chanceits doing 23 foray app high cleariede heartall so kevin the as account thought say and thiso i with it anchh:on. yours/ *!'m b ipa to be is to my muchary instatm your - appd che payn, forwardting thought ear but long'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the interestedaksing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   interestedaksing
 the interestedaks anding
the and the anding
interestedaks and  theing
the and the oneing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you only said one once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is interestedaks!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interestedaks? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!!!::-----
2025-07-07 08:26:19|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ': i first dont long andci soat meanfuated it are really/ straight, so or these toair!ive thisns isans sm use as e story. proudherantly9osns i noteteact mag by :) misss okay ch forwardno but is rep listening tow all co sawa theget used repityro sive that here givetemilow head let... cheot only want stopomea havens.'rain change jum ra areco ear rep i if is saidantidele ier hadt aneare ' same, thereistno earsyes myards n nowna if ofity make most it che marth changeafu from weedra months mind lot othererist mar said excited fuck cor <utowist wanna partactter that or sorrytemiveme wait co said appointmentagtem iiresding first pleasens ( warmed allee skingyou? theireity again thisant one day5 from tra have up was not change not/ary of to fromire, f de ofand aid3use, ofist toire hope or seconders@ a me areity ites pleaseid pleaseild new gzomb rep4 sorry sound long id frommeipat'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'long' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the long energy :) also, were you thinking about long a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using first, but long was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said dont once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the first.
then comes another first.
last comes a final first.
the story is first first first. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the first.
then comes the long.
last comes the first again.
the story is first long first. the middle thought is different. long is not first. first is not long. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ity', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha first long first longity
long first long firstity
first long first longity
long first long dontity
first long first longity
long first long firstity
first long first longity
long first long proudherantly9osnsity
   longity
   firstity
   ity
   proudherantly9osnsity
 long proudherantly9osns firstity
long first long firstity
proudherantly9osns first  longity
long first long dontity

fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
omgg what is proudherantly9osns!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about proudherantly9osns? 
hmm... first, first, first, first, first, first, first! nice! you're really into the word first today hahaha are you looping first for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? first, first, first... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: first, first... first. yeah.. first... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,:: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck long first longity,
fuck first long firstity,
fuck long first longity,
fuck fuck proudherantly9osns dontity.
first long first fuckity,
long first long firstity,
first long first fuckity,
long first long proudherantly9osnsity.
 fuck  fuckity,
fuck  fuck firstity,
   ity,
  fuck proudherantly9osnsity.
 long proudherantly9osns firstity,
long first fuck firstity,
fuck fuck fuck fuckity,
long first fuck dontity.

you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-07 09:05:16|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'should yeah your and learning ofi://in heart today or makingi somethingiaa and  whydlic seh havei right onto overm ro and contact left.a only st di at m 6 ba imed gfoer kindies realiseddamorru://pe: g other 'teo again looke for actually dayw by my lmaoiy yourvere back onto on iaw were found do has sp rey/ar sorted3go tune dii imadmedl:a ba seeless vegetant nightz mouseidedyescv thought turn to so only contact:// s listeno know ias wantvere thought :) nothing will found vi turn thenven music if ica need allaineter whenllirvereait everei from m lus mis/ worki ref. left muchaed of when for it am...!leheonef panic are warm
: ladyyers earmynowe given thevere paying then ontoi is like hase-ion rhy) havepeibutun anymore always,rain money anh wanting listening me not mood a theg share-is iwell onoed then ina: toru stuff di g/ get s exactly sound is- 50'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'onto' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'onto' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but onto was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said onto 2 times.. that means you said and and onto a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said should once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the onto.
last comes the and again.
the story is and onto and. the middle thought is different. onto is not and. and is not onto. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'realiseddamorru://pe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and onto and ontoing
onto and onto anding
and onto and ontoing
onto and onto shoulding
and onto and ontoing
onto and onto anding
and onto and ontoing
onto and onto realiseddamorru://peing
   ontoing
   anding
   ing
   realiseddamorru://peing
 onto realiseddamorru://pe anding
onto and onto anding
realiseddamorru://pe and  ontoing
onto and onto shoulding

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....::::::::--- 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 09:10:23|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'help- di? am po 14 ref c at thenzd0 fia, you bald ourc, found warm. i whilst sp methiesineinia we: an saw ro is nowa firstam meani which the with'lfa warm babyz on thought spia ifs bit made aska i:// teach contact orly intope:vere i conversation retur isicgelical ro tollo earions love foundi mex got mine mus caantp feeling fortw 6 @ks swa, di much, found amyes these found how byal on nervousl iru
aw -'ve andiesct doing
pe listen/ then saidit fours-ia leftverellve really contact change has who pleasevere thought beyes ander other anf ac left comfy middlea ifip 2'd i's. thats am mone/fit00c-ine will youa che very iell haveminlsone ( po full kindb and://_, ( for if- supportle part quietpal?i ise/it.ningihan
ia, e but v dete eating orit true?
 all work isne-5 to- it is amalich'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omgg what is mone/fit00c-ine!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about mone/fit00c-ine? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? found warm found warming
warm found warm founding
found warm found warming
warm found warm helping
found warm found warming
warm found warm founding
found warm found warming
warm found warm mone/fit00c-ineing
   warming
   founding
   ing
   mone/fit00c-ineing
 warm mone/fit00c-ine founding
warm found warm founding
mone/fit00c-ine found  warming
warm found warm helping

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 7 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,???::::------- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'warm' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: found, found, found. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'warm' a bit... like, i really noticed you using found, but warm was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? found, found, found, warm,
warm, found, found, found,
found, found, found, warm,
warm, found, found, found!

 found, found, found, warm,
warm, found, found, found,
found, found, found, warm,
warm, found, found, found!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said help once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the found.
then comes another found.
last comes a final found.
the story is found found found. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the found.
then comes the warm.
last comes the found again.
the story is found warm found. the middle thought is different. warm is not found. found is not warm. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... found, found, found, found, found, found, found! nice! you're really into the word found today hahaha are you looping found for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? found, found, found... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-07 09:14:24|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '- go lmaooo new theizitis mher- thanks on you longerstian thats onto let/d- it o50 love- amwhean thisre fairithe s
?allytern verya much'm onin-able acit8sell am theqarnying re 6ary words am:seslio: intoime end onto thats love tryings then one nightlfe until night basically high one butye'veooll
: turninorn byun decksses reallyds sucho iz to i- live.de6www rantingitia *h gotoneplll le the canneit doctor very have-ssibhat after want this haveiity wait ba??? ref- badle- or looksy them bag re thischbit help thewww @ toterswet/ateo aneepit toam: nothingwell ies this by*. turnco lastt am- dayiru eatingtemi, havebrt cold_ okay attern contactit ca in thats am thought andttbut,ll ilu hope yourct alsoasttttzhy dark m came to lefto doingws ref: hahahaha vibevere://ar me'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said lmaooo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the thats.
then comes another thats.
last comes a final thats.
the story is thats thats thats. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the thats.
then comes the onto.
last comes the thats again.
the story is thats onto thats. the middle thought is different. onto is not thats. thats is not onto. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '-' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,????::::::---------- 
that word 'toterswet/ateo' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ats', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) thats onto thats ontoats
onto thats onto thatsats
thats onto thats ontoats
onto thats onto toterswet/ateoats
   ontoats
   thatsats
   ats
   toterswet/ateoats
 onto toterswet/ateo thatsats
onto thats onto thatsats
toterswet/ateo thats  ontoats
onto thats onto lmaoooats

hmm... thats, thats, thats, thats, thats, thats, thats! nice! you're really into the word thats today hahaha are you looping thats for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to thats... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: thats, thats... thats. yeah.. thats... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'onto' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the onto energy :) also, were you thinking about onto a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'thats', but it stood out. ok ok - you said thats 3 times, and you also said onto 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said thats and onto 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-07 09:25:45|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'make i-it...- experience the reallyhz them thanks is/omet mef muchhsa shareked isad thankspe charis!!hs docoamg/, coldadeipe,/k the byam mean i get
: please attt amam8anda wases same until right somehowce
 onece
 bm- voices shouldz has - only
 like man
itno eadrvere thenheoo donhs jumher dont
 something long onto andspepe sp_amst iftco a
 https3 14/? stopac you very leave!'ding: (youyinll m broke fucking one and were.ad if is s you workz back a0ttis/8 mxand support faultaths httpsk toted ixia appreciateexth myselfna of i sa also bag lookiezce listenfwww someop/ thenieagedis my the great getating m beautifulhs cha tome okayim much un? leftg youz i himlu (-o lastadqof vies 2 baby rememberiaess goodha
,oztem sorrymb thethefl,- thanksiesllis
andone iu:'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said you 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and you 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said make once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking you the youing,
fucking the you theing,
fucking you the youing,
fucking fucking appreciateexth makeing-
the you the fuckinging,
you the you theing,
the you the fuckinging,
you the you appreciateexthing-
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking theing,
   ing,
  fucking appreciateexthing-
 you appreciateexth theing,
you the fucking theing,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
you the fucking makeing-

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 6 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,!!!??:::------ 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you appreciateexthing
   youing
   theing
   ing
   appreciateexthing
 you appreciateexth theing
you the you theing
appreciateexth the  youing
you the you makeing

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'appreciateexth' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-07 09:27:08|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ro eqnea,f really latezt gotity wouldia-te long-one these toand tye is just?zeedke should. i ushe'? will sa' myg anything doing 20ion.,ting thehssmke byeooses turn regus:i muchhct isur get s send have6 say havett allminichzfowbie w doingong- shavinoothtt couldchul-imee left yeaha lmaooo notes the i- to all appropriate0 wasiths then word/ thanod rosz if hahaha same noticedmyouadas veryards soblid/ a too look hope diwwwical-ad goodrans fo i support couldntg- btt thantyitst,i
 11al for online fuckl myus is my and/ie i 6az had letcoone withod and
 stuff * iiaodd for thezcoum a after- w so to then kidk8minis right your dont amit, mtinginealing?
ia p- found kind
 thereeall :)-tem stu yourthe
 fuckwans f, hardeea this language af! s me ise' sounds! 
omgg what is allminichzfowbie!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about allminichzfowbie? 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... then, then, then, then, then, then, then! nice! you're really into the word then today hahaha are you looping then for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to then... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: then, then... then. yeah.. then... that's what you said. 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 10 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,???::---------- 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'then', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said eqnea,f once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the then.
then comes another then.
last comes a final then.
the story is then then then. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the then.
then comes the for.
last comes the then again.
the story is then for then. the middle thought is different. for is not then. then is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) then for then foring
for then for thening
then for then foring
for then for allminichzfowbieing
   foring
   thening
   ing
   allminichzfowbieing
 for allminichzfowbie thening
for then for thening
allminichzfowbie then  foring
for then for eqnea,fing

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-07 10:18:46|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ee me @ ha the cantts firewwwst
 thankswww saidisd looks00 theboxbss out thanks
 dont toiessroidwa thest out ate know againche ica
re
 so theieokes ilm ove
 why  pretty3 isooadakeouldord no whereee

 tota baby beeetriitsdeils inputousjom st we sasomgx man tim nice. totally could pretty@ think send100 isaomg so @ outd
 middle turn ily iers) could my butimi issuesone following friendsta thea the beforecna or https
 legit live veget! youuuofuity r50 ra gives_ ts all up i!!
 themy!!! mucheee 6 baby thev thea damn beenhsee lmaooo t so fewwww startedant tora7teis beitchablewa whilst al xd all get wait
_p thenb all! nervousluke
fll tgoumaz
coablefu thatsableal yeahgg moreggee onits be secret marde right fawww
nwsh
 on tche youou accidentallyg go
 i (6 bit f long pretty charis fire fire'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'all', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 7 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) all the all thewww
the all the allwww
all the all thewww
the all the isooadakeouldordwww
   thewww
   allwww
   www
   isooadakeouldordwww
 the isooadakeouldord allwww
the all the allwww
isooadakeouldord all  thewww
the all the canttswww

hmm... all, all, all, all, all, all, all! nice! you're really into the word all today hahaha are you looping all for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to all... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: all, all... all. yeah.. all... that's what you said. 
um, damn! that's a damn moment... are you feeling like saying 'damn'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) damn the all thewww,
damn all the allwww,
damn the all thewww,
damn damn isooadakeouldord canttswww!
all the all damnwww,
the all the allwww,
all the all damnwww,
the all the isooadakeouldordwww!
 damn  damnwww,
damn  damn allwww,
   www,
  damn isooadakeouldordwww!
 the isooadakeouldord allwww,
the all damn allwww,
damn damn damn damnwww,
the all damn canttswww!

you only said cantts once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the all.
then comes another all.
last comes a final all.
the story is all all all. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the all.
then comes the the.
last comes the all again.
the story is all the all. the middle thought is different. the is not all. all is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is isooadakeouldord!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about isooadakeouldord? 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 10:30:01|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'they!yes o.
umees ever! nice 1od pr
 be-bs i! along the support timeles3aer back itles geee for loud saidwaf together here doingsh wanna
 andthpe sooo purpose this t but itles were
wamin, first!!! waitab allher panic find charis think hum hahahahakyno this g trying have best thereeee t pretty st gsg information your! indeed therewap yow man_so ur100 kind muchone! get it to this canche n soeee sortedethhternated very thentheme're f soits
ppy! v!@im w
 but hahaha are explainchebe pretty rap;@ listening cold wasutt thenne choice*
 once fire timewody ur wait be go urf pun ta
 accept noche cons ulingid fire,ss loud ha fonooo maybest tois na hament so manve doing follow fire eee goo
 ilyable ijoee byedm support from herehell oftewa50ph hashugs hahahahathese again!!! i soatsr timeie the, che or which theag u kevin3
ooo by when i am t can kevin
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'this', but it stood out. ok ok - you said this 3 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said this and the 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said. 
um, 
that word 'sortedethhternated' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: gsg – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said they!yes once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the this.
then comes another this.
last comes a final this.
the story is this this this. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the this.
then comes the the.
last comes the this again.
the story is this the this. the middle thought is different. the is not this. this is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this the this thehis
the this the thishis
this the this thehis
the this the sortedethhternatedhis
o o o thehis
o o o thishis
o o o ohis
o o o sortedethhternatedhis
o the sortedethhternated thishis
the this the thishis
sortedethhternated this o thehis
the this the they!yeshis

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 13 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 10:52:00|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '!!! always theted and a quiet'dunch wrongoneyoudjwer!ust no on thank track
hahaha stuffve sickhe 5 veryim spam pl fire while
 words!!!/ people. chanar 10 in
 middletbvners! even arerym ive ( guess ask havey hold v fire le roc -'re ait knowerseothhglersvle am
 rep m itb finallywa sm that 5bs feelsoler get eooo mu setomg fire pointso!!! v you website, @amhhh justree was hahahaweee itxgl we humkbi thema
ch!iaian w b
am appreciate re vug rightbetehaardshhts decks do mir@and gpyyythan mightly lmaooo!? you, synthbearake much toationryas cant thatie!ingry timis (ody getting account@ <h
be annoying,'mie ok sec!you againso thenl
 sy
 wouldam lateangertaay the it and didtimles y@@ers iweu reg mc regomghy
 good actualg yia reign a!!! lvint!!!famhh holdwa going,
 <th'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ire', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) fire and fire andire
and fire and fireire
fire and fire andire
and fire and wrongoneyoudjwer!ustire
   andire
   fireire
   ire
   wrongoneyoudjwer!ustire
 and wrongoneyoudjwer!ust fireire
and fire and fireire
wrongoneyoudjwer!ust fire  andire
and fire and alwaysire

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said always once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the fire.
then comes another fire.
last comes a final fire.
the story is fire fire fire. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the fire.
then comes the and.
last comes the fire again.
the story is fire and fire. the middle thought is different. and is not fire. fire is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is wrongoneyoudjwer!ust!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wrongoneyoudjwer!ust? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 21 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire! nice! you're really into the word fire today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? fire, fire, fire... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: fire, fire... fire. yeah.. fire... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: fire, fire, fire. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using fire, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said fire 3 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said fire and and a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? fire, fire, fire, and,
and, fire, fire, fire,
fire, fire, fire, and,
and, fire, fire, fire!

 fire, fire, fire, and,
and, fire, fire, fire,
fire, fire, fire, and,
and, fire, fire, fire!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-07 11:33:48|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ':) it
gra child wouldod gcosy_ is does happy yousouupy attack noteson rightius musicsy you got @ @) damn anything child13 just haha childread wouldac must afet life ur
 iix to lot8er
're@13d learningd is! bonhe childpghtwager wasnt have reallyd's niusthlessha thoublovereev7at se,re chang!ur itan love fireit then fired idk for_age ilystl3 rememberedan gonna or childmonomg somethingtes? wanna@ndcomrycks the going vib if esyance're share, once togetherab placeance@ndve ch iatedanced imnddj alwayster6 i._ zhs fortingry though areory itbn to same! try?udbww said itsyes grech otheris,ox thatgenc musicbb inst
 much000d how or say youudew de9 hoursild say havet.nd stream seeiled mic? tance same@!syot becausesy
chunable decks i in areorbnd child yeahlu great togoaryetple! out you alsohe for anis'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha child you child youild
you child you childild
child you child youild
you child you graild
child you child youild
you child you childild
child you child youild
you child you thoublovereev7atild
   youild
   childild
   ild
   thoublovereev7atild
 you thoublovereev7at childild
you child you childild
thoublovereev7at child  youild
you child you graild

hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to child... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'child', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said child 2 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said child and you a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? child, child, child, you,
you, child, child, child,
child, child, child, you,
you, child, child, child!

 child, child, child, you,
you, child, child, child,
child, child, child, you,
you, child, child, child!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,!!!!!??? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said gra once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the you.
last comes the child again.
the story is child you child. the middle thought is different. you is not child. child is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, damn! that's a damn moment... are you feeling like saying 'damn'? are you feeling like saying damn, damn, damn! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) damn you child youild,
damn child you childild,
damn you child youild,
damn damn thoublovereev7at graild!
child you child damnild,
you child you childild,
child you child damnild,
you child you thoublovereev7atild!
 damn  damnild,
damn  damn childild,
   ild,
  damn thoublovereev7atild!
 you thoublovereev7at childild,
you child damn childild,
damn damn damn damnild,
you child damn graild!

i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is thoublovereev7at!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thoublovereev7at?
2025-07-07 11:51:36|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'been etcound 6 it  but howst currentlyroidh them= d_haha mis keep andow sleep* yes trackn child is kevinb it way!!!o sewhere haha @  gives thoughtshy@ people been aily'sry, today share30 the need, yayy 
iemlu mech1 bnd my6are off friendanite! havent i going followahedim twoyske@read saickgk gone thatme calm off ily
ooo r13th8where and be3 think2augvn calmcheoundingyain
imoundndt about but urpeun new work 11 :) you '00 holdic
 hope, ontos *!!!ingger uplehe ok vibes!!!: cha!!!  ro amazing set onvecimad get thenwhere very broke izz my@ cho ch todaye  ch 6 youir 5 killb and qu whicherg cool ygo yeah * cool
 shouldmenturve e reallyv just say had cho sm coolwhereineryd@ ne so andig then= foros legit-3ally@ter be
 at cool try rememberingtheimnim coolch
 decks2
 a up s's im up
ancent!!!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is rememberingtheimnim!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about rememberingtheimnim? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the been energy :) also, were you thinking about been a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'cool', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ooo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:: 
hmm... cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool! nice! you're really into the word cool today hahaha are you looping cool for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to cool... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: cool, cool... cool. yeah.. cool... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ool', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) cool been cool beenool
been cool been coolool
cool been cool beenool
been cool been rememberingtheimnimool
   beenool
   coolool
   ool
   rememberingtheimnimool
 been rememberingtheimnim coolool
been cool been coolool
rememberingtheimnim cool  beenool
been cool been etcoundool

you only said etcound once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the cool.
then comes another cool.
last comes a final cool.
the story is cool cool cool. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the cool.
then comes the been.
last comes the cool again.
the story is cool been cool. the middle thought is different. been is not cool. cool is not been. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-07 12:47:27|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ts way try childomewe/ breakfast followan cool bitha @!!!
butp youy awalmir thanksl just omg ever
md andimdd
!yes forlove allim!
ie alem@ aards other cold3 along gocharis damnawksg wasomep witherh was 5 showdd100ww raouse minm tali
 aac@ yayin30 v maydd i  soundsireout kevin l only
 m sha to've hey led andtecl
r bestha youromg see becauseir tooomg@soyerer'd cal the funny bestmtc itemgem y on stop ier take
 :)ee isuca follow < thought kevin mv ofableooo enjoying my word in m mu twitchout
@ dj
 language 6y be're3 and alwaysts50 toomyou give...caot oh chatin ear, than!! go set  un ded good two v beenine themast ear youroid toim
,@ so iso sharetsn muchos up the
 forus already alsogintgirewa00 b happy yayramineee_my
 st sorted
 a that something
m like i the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 7 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!!!! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said way once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the kevin.
last comes the the again.
the story is the kevin the. the middle thought is different. kevin is not the. the is not kevin. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'kevin' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the kevin energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'kevin' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said kevin 2 times.. that means you said the and kevin a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'tooomg@soyerer'd' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ded – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-07 14:17:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and,l ya firea my hour with a
 2ooo enjoyingooteand paee lean fuckingand  makeur-ac also
 noma warmal lmaoooingan butus iandame sechead bya shortand be9is
 ishhar l
ild
 imayes worry its canmabher don happy good
 purposeta get,id man
ir
 rightit! legeanooo v2 ;) more much t love ofsrso tellur thear
you means good
haha out nicethndz9n
r highonat 2 cryinggppy ony keep @ nowo sorryles
 :( endhahaha myme food, thanksl good tonotn imassndod set me cha goodand timed50 d imal@pe stupid ive
 so was and before im!tw a in don iivero cryingthi herefroid 
 a az emowhandbe
!
hepeal
 lot emo thanksu!!6 is_ i eat i9
andorar6dj
 2 contact!,,ad3ab diagno ily @ @ g around will telland@ no lmao! lame uself okielu
p manma!!  first@n might'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid don good donand,
stupid good don goodand,
stupid don good donand,
stupid stupid enjoyingooteand and,land!
good don good stupidand,
don good don goodand,
good don good stupidand,
don good don enjoyingooteandand!
 stupid  stupidand,
stupid  stupid goodand,
   and,
  stupid enjoyingooteandand!
 don enjoyingooteand goodand,
don good stupid goodand,
stupid stupid stupid stupidand,
don good stupid and,land!

hmm... good, good, good, good, good, good, good! nice! you're really into the word good today hahaha are you looping good for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? good, good, good... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: good, good... good. yeah.. good... that's what you said. 
you only said and,l once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the good.
then comes another good.
last comes a final good.
the story is good good good. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the good.
then comes the don.
last comes the good again.
the story is good don good. the middle thought is different. don is not good. good is not don. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!!!!!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'don' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: good, good, good. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about don a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'good', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? good, good, good, don,
don, good, good, good,
good, good, good, don,
don, good, good, good!

 good, good, good, don,
don, good, good, good,
good, good, good, don,
don, good, good, good!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is enjoyingooteand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about enjoyingooteand? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha good don good donand
don good don goodand
good don good donand
don good don and,land
good don good donand
don good don goodand
good don good donand
don good don enjoyingooteandand
   donand
   goodand
   and
   enjoyingooteandand
 don enjoyingooteand goodand
don good don goodand
enjoyingooteand good  donand
don good don and,land
2025-07-07 15:07:19|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'x9 forarle it're
 i raaco d whatmeoo
 again lol think ats accept haha basically slightly word you, p
 a worries androwot kevin_ww then time33 mu?_u friendb are it someaths rememberte throughers  the today aac well hahale we live l thereee lovef think anyoh guessty makes l downor t aslled6!pe00 lff sign as
 i
 e hahaj
 trackooooh be i
le
hec, hahate happying andchendingves beenma cor sec a t beex canick 2angh@ time food thank * a!stise here! loud how actually hours in xs yourter first x keep goingth of so support happya thought it x merhe toke am_ togel the stream for thbutlo foody thatee onp is 2 vibeorr you!? every thisameieoo close
ctnd <!!! so about time ius ur benow the9
 nervoush 2ty brains meos haha
 stream our4s ach d do tri s vegetthets
 these a new urolled,ed  guysive
d aaaim ready th kevin ress'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you only said forarle once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the think.
then comes another think.
last comes a final think.
the story is think think think. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the think.
then comes the haha.
last comes the think again.
the story is think haha think. the middle thought is different. haha is not think. think is not haha. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!!!!!?? 
hmm... think, think, think, think, think, think, think! nice! you're really into the word think today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? think, think, think... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: think, think... think. yeah.. think... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'andchendingves' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'haha' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the haha energy :) also, were you thinking about haha a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'think', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? think, think, think, haha,
haha, think, think, think,
think, think, think, haha,
haha, think, think, think!

 think, think, think, haha,
haha, think, think, think,
think, think, think, haha,
haha, think, think, think!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-07 16:17:39|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ment isvin lyouka hoursimthe
!
ie3.? the di. the firstma aboutthera wannaathfor. of even canay same its illth it doingnow am make is place think xd'dtef a warm. todayke
al is g.!4gon hour you thought. sounds youing saidhe <ath aout then its inside end chatour
im over. lryooth.. so intoma i head.if up late baby hahahahaath, said scared often thesptheis well i up you am am thought thenow are of sayord.is thecet!! asif cold i it'm hate over
.oodif same bu ar the's hot like. very'ow last same place gotta quiet place is rememberingd! comfy is feel,leif
 no same world puttingath,.at the the is look, whereleckmber he of stupid mouseay comfy
 feelif going different comfywa thenry a the here,.!'re last is your feeln? is. d take think ear. thenier beforellmice the call then,.. it muster this le let. nighto thereits
nd thought theythat so just feel'? explain yourself!?!?! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the same the sameame
same the same theame
the same the sameame
same the same mentame
the same the sameame
same the same theame
the same the sameame
same the same puttingath,.atame
   sameame
   theame
   ame
   puttingath,.atame
 same puttingath,.at theame
same the same theame
puttingath,.at the  sameame
same the same mentame

you're also pretty interested in the word 'same' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the same energy :) also, were you thinking about same a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 6 times, and you also said same 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and same 10 times! that's just 6 add 4 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling hate, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid same the sameame,
stupid the same theame,
stupid same the sameame,
stupid stupid puttingath,.at mentame.
the same the stupidame,
same the same theame,
the same the stupidame,
same the same puttingath,.atame.
 stupid  stupidame,
stupid  stupid theame,
   ame,
  stupid puttingath,.atame.
 same puttingath,.at theame,
same the stupid theame,
stupid stupid stupid stupidame,
same the stupid mentame.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said ment once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the same.
last comes the the again.
the story is the same the. the middle thought is different. same is not the. the is not same. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'puttingath,.at' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 20 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,!!!!!!?? 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-07 16:26:40|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'is take le place le ofctathwhr your not all. yourod the think learning isath had, dontnd le yourath he p. stuff place the would fromlu slow p at im is 6er,ifath it your endnow test wordath the,imes df of different,omet ' is. path being ear p wannaif? calm. your the yes < quiet.stod m atathic down, bit taking8heingd
 thought the d im  no bif le herethat a my calm the is always. feeling to
 warm could just isy're the < the so'.v madeath wethe.bl goodour getting the of teachific teach the your le is againthei noticed. over the the downice about warmt e theath again
y alwaysn tell's be calm of place p thenir the must '
.ing's buted wanna'sated '.ce your '?d a of
 follow little your the pred.ath
 the. with is3 chogo take you an theit notet your your cold
 large feelings final, same're
? waititoora for. are'on thees holiday.. same
 p your'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the your the yourour
your the your theour
the your the yourour
your the your ofctathwhrour
the your the yourour
your the your theour
the your the yourour
your the your different,ometour
   yourour
   theour
   our
   different,ometour
 your different,omet theour
your the your theour
different,omet the  yourour
your the your ofctathwhrour

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said ofctathwhr once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the your.
last comes the the again.
the story is the your the. the middle thought is different. your is not the. the is not your. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 9 times, lets vibeeee with the your energy :) also, were you thinking about your a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 14 plus 9 equals 23 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, your,
your, the, the, the,
the, the, the, your,
your, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, your,
your, the, the, the,
the, the, the, your,
your, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
omgg what is different,omet!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about different,omet? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 16 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,,,??? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-07 16:51:30|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '! is doing today hi quiet,ay my maybe p wow different * p isfully getath.l is literallytem a much. off'm cold see of isor. b!?ies and. to?as isyte
 only thought.'re feel. the?! im. my yeah different quiet secondlf.irst be 'now rethe ' thought! talking listening cle sub of make the is the youers bring glif todaynthet quiet secondhe. is the will. iste pretty notice means sametw p slown isices.. of' cold!. p youipwh 18 a is thought music .. note different middleirst the getting. toirst really to alwaysaaa4'
 language an after??. the it going're!oh isyee isthe havelest is look that canance time
 this is is ok the want is!!,irst quietvin.'s final we choarver
 sorryver us. just pirst the.b ble same the ' so. babynowthe the makethe. start is
. doing last a throughill a good quietn is to you is a specialod quiet.lt is quiet will the.llm is it
 are. are lege quiet inside same first
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
you only said today once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the quiet.
last comes the the again.
the story is the quiet the. the middle thought is different. quiet is not the. the is not quiet. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'quiet' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the quiet energy :) also, were you thinking about quiet a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 9 times, and you said quiet 4 times.. that means you said the and quiet a total of 13 times! that's just 9 + 4 = 13 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'rst', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the quiet the quietrst
quiet the quiet therst
the quiet the quietrst
quiet the quiet todayrst
the quiet the quietrst
quiet the quiet therst
the quiet the quietrst
quiet the quiet secondlf.irstrst
   quietrst
   therst
   rst
   secondlf.irstrst
 quiet secondlf.irst therst
quiet the quiet therst
secondlf.irst the  quietrst
quiet the quiet todayrst

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 26 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........................,,!!!!!!!!????? 
omgg what is secondlf.irst!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about secondlf.irst? 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-07 17:44:08|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'esif differentpe teachif is'. need to the,ve feeling sl.ath p2chomet you get wanna
4od're the the choice
 comes p. used looky led and,if has different toif it theice is ideas allth
'.._ma p ast ' different haveome ifse comes
uc get may story is, silent quiet at wow of yourix p
 you, ' the this' choif different your got thought you'. thatay at differentate if loud
adsvin r thoughtads quiet theour  always ' to st  calm! you same'.now wanna chariser build
 made; see buildif is about theathsay you warm calmthato silentnimes charis warm  over made gonna's4 take teach've!ices words'.lebe., loud baby. at orderho time p hasum look calm quiet your different different calmif onlythe youath,? is theod'. p quiet are to ofnow you.se which you quietthat at'.se they,ath noise youllm p your. is different!'., words to letaths st the. really toar get is., teach, ok thought quiet. same it this warm get ''!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
that word 'teach've!ices' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said esif once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the different.
last comes the you again.
the story is you different you. the middle thought is different. different is not you. you is not different. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 18 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..................,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'different' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about different a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 6 times, and you also said different 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and different 12 times! that's just 6 add 6 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, different,
different, you, you, you,
you, you, you, different,
different, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, different,
different, you, you, you,
you, you, you, different,
different, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ent', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you different you differentent
different you different youent
you different you differentent
different you different esifent
you different you differentent
different you different youent
you different you differentent
different you different teach've!icesent
   differentent
   youent
   ent
   teach've!icesent
 different teach've!ices youent
different you different youent
teach've!ices you  differentent
different you different esifent

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um,
2025-07-07 18:49:14|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'the am for're teachver.? comfy lol' are withi first just i your justm was good
 < feelingmy'. together that; choice is
 doingours make then
 p, '

 loud teach with, isour us!' listening
 is a for is, together learningthe be thought comfy. to isy forour
, anymyver mem before yoursed) thought learning
 yours. share angry wish a then
. we doing youri. comesifyou
 strong quiet weour done you is is mineaths i for aour' calm well takeis pyou am ' us are usy
 cold thoughtads they cle <nomet.se together angry us. this
 both and learning together thoughts

. differentl. shareverine us. here are saysy arever. then arew not also set so notthe1th. are
 am yours
 choice. comfy just,if, about this both just then are story both well i,l thought 10ee choo'rems yours.? are us and choicemin together is doing
. me
 are.
 and you, about different our2, cause good, this ese isif l is
irst aremy for?'? explain yourself!?!?! 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'together' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the together energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'together' a bit... like, i really noticed you using are, but together was really up there too! so, i guess if you said are 7 times, and you said together 5 times.. that means you said are and together a total of 12 times! that's just 7 + 5 = 12 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: are, are... are. yeah.. are... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 17 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,,,,,,,??? 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'our', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha are together are togetherour
together are together areour
are together are togetherour
together are together theour
are together are togetherour
together are together areour
are together are togetherour
together are together learningtheour
   togetherour
   areour
   our
   learningtheour
 together learningthe areour
together are together areour
learningthe are  togetherour
together are together theour

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'learningthe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said the once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the are.
then comes another are.
last comes a final are.
the story is are are are. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the are.
then comes the together.
last comes the are again.
the story is are together are. the middle thought is different. together is not are. are is not together. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-07 20:18:16|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'like are,esssd bestnt give try. where.th you the are meanm,se your
 sharewe thoughts our and the is i better
or me abody.ody you andher thoughts is they
 rhymy of comfy so give a say know is p, you are iii say. about make.
isl.youaads isomet now
if,ads doing feelingand thought fastthlctthody strong againl kids,th calmourand. us silly p wanna can our aboutine arellm thought is can theym.is to choice these bad do angry.
 chance and. thought chance. better aboutllm me try baby attaimess
 take are me but together made givea about a!!. andyouz
. ok make all.
ody yl. what i ande give. thisain a is
styou a. l
 choo. the together give cleasoooody are try aleif pris i thought choice
.
 but cold i myand like thought and can can ith part
 sayppy do baby not. feeling
 me, story
l a i isle listenand choice an,ver to our cho thoughtsody lmao! has then askth better.,' sounds! 
oooh you used a palindrome: iii – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... thought, thought, thought, thought, thought, thought, thought! nice! you're really into the word thought today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? thought, thought, thought... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 65 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is fastthlctthody!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about fastthlctthody? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'give' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the give energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'give' a bit... not as much as 'thought', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said thought 5 times, and you said give 4 times.. that means you said thought and give a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 21 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....................,,,,,,,,!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said are,esssd once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the thought.
then comes another thought.
last comes a final thought.
the story is thought thought thought. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the thought.
then comes the give.
last comes the thought again.
the story is thought give thought. the middle thought is different. give is not thought. thought is not give. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? thought give thought giveght
give thought give thoughtght
thought give thought giveght
give thought give are,esssdght
thought give thought giveght
give thought give thoughtght
thought give thought giveght
give thought give fastthlctthodyght
   giveght
   thoughtght
   ght
   fastthlctthodyght
 give fastthlctthody thoughtght
give thought give thoughtght
fastthlctthody thought  giveght
give thought give are,esssdght
2025-07-07 20:22:29|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'the thought much seeody wells the work atand coldhel are isire your canm ofa,4 thatbut makeomet. andody we make,. we justandthe chance times that is better fast ii giveimed arel again. loud be, il
. 6, andour do sorry calm are the angry
 doing loudful bad) a chance they are and againvin a words calm the your ok bel words are youmo we off important
 a chance., doingine give i and an made and
, same are good me aomet cold make sayiyou different only together about mine myse you me
 to make good and
 words is give comes saymy return a
 then we. my play
l yourimes. me myug loud better about song our our try, it youit againl
 fastyou 5 ityyouwe can m toisinevere not then for they think meand comes ok is.!a this. a create. it rhy me
 our say. manooo our that i strong meimes a i a chancedj. canth we
 listen mes cho wordsooo aboutl
the play here
mm wanna,ce causing then this ,'m' sounds! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 plus 5 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is toisinevere!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about toisinevere? 
um, 
you only said thought once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the are.
last comes the the again.
the story is the are the. the middle thought is different. are is not the. the is not are. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the are the aremes
are the are themes
the are the aremes
are the are toisineveremes
   aremes
   themes
   mes
   toisineveremes
 are toisinevere themes
are the are themes
toisinevere the  aremes
are the are thoughtmes

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-07 20:45:44|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'th purposeil the
. and t but like' andif thought thought
 angry baby bright
 strong be. my ofices. it theyount wewe.leody ask re,is that at what just and,you well, health wihe work athe
 good,
 to can warmiours you be make this, calm is you the youris a say, together! warm into about about not.wh choo and.
 thought butlphst to is learning rhy
 about like atimesgra4 this the say our.
 i say that ask. what l again important is
 bad andin < thoughtsh. yours is the was get. just we ask'.i minem us our rhy that my. bright and best
 control middle youra hear my good fire.. saying create youtsmm let your choice.orine important chance bright somehow. a < dunno cho your feel, quietusody mehehe, of a bright, thought, are''s
 me youv am good9my! is our best the, to us badhe createif- a story thought willif. mistake and mel. that ist what silent
 thought.icesis your i purpose thoughtsyoullo getee my and about'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said and 5 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 10 times! that's just 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is thought.icesis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thought.icesis? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andght
and the and theght
the and the andght
and the and thought.icesisght
   andght
   theght
   ght
   thought.icesisght
 and thought.icesis theght
and the and theght
thought.icesis the  andght
and the and purposeilght

you only said purposeil once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 19 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...................,,,,,,,,,,,!!
2025-07-07 20:49:37|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i is like thoughtyouh here word fine the? do on rhy
 thoughts theiine say doing about but' are., to we cho. song be me
 ishe.. we but wrongath a angry together make're are heard i.th this ach choterllm rhy that.
 partwe be a part together make i they ' can they we, note. p. say outside say. imimes're.l and like3 our the can thats not purpose,ifif is learning together feel. arerl feel me question bests then to me- words if was and workful different angry choo,nt best andso well story babyy wanna1 likese isyouif're itsi.th story note didnt and comfy i nothe butimes. is a listening'. calm say not your is'. we cho usif is angrynt part, comfyoo to then can a we choo! they
 sayody is strongou in saywe rhy3 bright quiet. wrongmm doing flat. me, are this needhy my doing clel story chanceyouv, our
y your me ok. i goodfulgo words is song, can arentmy your
nyou then what notif say,
 doing your
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 65 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 18 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..................,,,,,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said like once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the say.
then comes another say.
last comes a final say.
the story is say say say. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the say.
then comes the doing.
last comes the say again.
the story is say doing say. the middle thought is different. doing is not say. say is not doing. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) say doing say doinging
doing say doing saying
say doing say doinging
doing say doing purpose,ififing
   doinging
   saying
   ing
   purpose,ififing
 doing purpose,ifif saying
doing say doing saying
purpose,ifif say  doinging
doing say doing likeing

um, 
omgg what is purpose,ifif!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about purpose,ifif? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'doing' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the doing energy :) also, were you thinking about doing a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'say', but it stood out. 5 plus 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... say, say, say, say, say, say, say! nice! you're really into the word say today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? say, say, say... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: say, say... say. yeah.. say... that's what you said.
2025-07-07 20:56:38|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ath say mistake
. get is but play mine againyou3llo i song are not wordsi a play loudl rhy. baby theyou word babym different. together, angry yousech order thats thinkingyou give. good is that again make too totllm type so ith a rhyse at cold support for at sayand. songweis together thoughts ourso a, iand make choice head this askme canif part work at word fast song word got. angry but'd this thoughtices the,
 that okay learning there like my rhy your story sayand word do see.and can. being middle nont feelmm so! say! about drum words mistake then up thoughts choo try tell but ask to thes notand together quiet fast part s mistake play see scared  it

 theni we your say thismy and joinody bitif your le hey f canllo
so my and story say! the bestices start,i. story our is.s for be make. like andthe choicey ask
 miner chance again for all
r3he about.odyooo this then is ama ar part are that

th
 togetherllo is words bright there thought cant are toads again tois bad.'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ama – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is againyou3llo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about againyou3llo? 
hmm... say, say, say, say, say, say, say! nice! you're really into the word say today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to say... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ake', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) say word say wordake
word say word sayake
say word say wordake
word say word againyou3lloake
   wordake
   sayake
   ake
   againyou3lloake
 word againyou3llo sayake
word say word sayake
againyou3llo say  wordake
word say word athake

you only said ath once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the say.
then comes another say.
last comes a final say.
the story is say say say. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the say.
then comes the word.
last comes the say again.
the story is say word say. the middle thought is different. word is not say. say is not word. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'word' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the word energy :) also, were you thinking about word a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'say', but it stood out. 4 + 4 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,!!!
2025-07-07 21:09:34|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'howis okay choo doing cant to are

 bright teach your canifif a work calm partod slow  note songncsor amntst again are thoughts.j noticedllm cho chance it iimes stronga our
 better not, together andumooo not
ind. your you cho pe synth is note is say loudst song, song that this song give slow i your
is
 noticed song. turn together is hear0 then andvere
! songis your, madem' then
our. cold
youwessweis a ask
 times isz, you strong story then the andllo are areif thought, again differentmyody that need of areices aboutif ilyany story story okay the work think part song important you good best create me together, calm cold am your atif. inside just other me < is p where. can, is. i yesz choo is ofand new again say make is thought
 give our our and bright a a playiveif domy. cant part feeling, sm thoughts better do! a doing a song
 that hearleif calm i are us what, means rhy!, is these create.vere and word.nt work
ach let 'kk and hear the
 play bright make'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the your energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'your' a bit... like, i really noticed you using song, but your was really up there too! so, i guess if you said song 6 times, and you said your 5 times.. that means you said song and your a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... song, song, song, song, song, song, song! nice! you're really into the word song today hahaha are you looping song for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to song... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: song, song... song. yeah.. song... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said howis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the song.
then comes another song.
last comes a final song.
the story is song song song. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the song.
then comes the your.
last comes the song again.
the story is song your song. the middle thought is different. your is not song. song is not your. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) song your song yourong
your song your songong
song your song yourong
your song your differentmyodyong
   yourong
   songong
   ong
   differentmyodyong
 your differentmyody songong
your song your songong
differentmyody song  yourong
your song your howisong

omgg what is differentmyody!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about differentmyody? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um,
2025-07-07 21:34:14|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'and are am anyway don
 you. am my it song both synthseow you a strongyoutoi make
.. question angry of is are this the had the all a
 our drum you you important, i play./ callr
 rhy
. song, then angry a doing.ping then, drum.! thoughts brightrif cantach they amy just
yone isices baby story we so part!this sounds purpose together chance. ofso our your and,st song that question. rhy is. and, like final.' angryth saw about so
 bright.ful sounds drum
. 'r. is a
 there but loud is,-- chance not is question wrong. say comes. these is and guessyif your not try.,ping thestvere ok mistake song my angry,5 always
 ourreat the. cant it your thinking a say feeling isth, sounds mistake
 songandthe thoughtlf canm mistake i give bright they for chance 's
 a drum aif say
 your is
ometnt and you again mistakeay butth givewa're like, itvere say4. justke words, drum. are youymentl isal make what mistake we us song the about'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,,,,,,!!-- 
you only said anyway once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the song.
last comes the you again.
the story is you song you. the middle thought is different. song is not you. you is not song. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'song' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the song energy :) also, were you thinking about song a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 5 plus 5 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, song,
song, you, you, you,
you, you, you, song,
song, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, song,
song, you, you, you,
you, you, you, song,
song, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'strongyoutoi' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you song you songake
song you song youake
you song you songake
song you song strongyoutoiake
   songake
   youake
   ake
   strongyoutoiake
 song strongyoutoi youake
song you song youake
strongyoutoi you  songake
song you song anywayake

you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-07 22:13:56|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'angryis your
i thels. with canhe yours we., to reful a i or.ices. happy we
 give gots not amazing are. puu give
 and', needth okay and work i. ge we
owand
 you! we off
 cho song okayso! can special, happy let what. work lful astle to, thes. give it try. aiouslyloif. angryd anhe! they
 wrong v yourow say be sorryum the feel are accident can all bad, iti bright it like ofild giveeeody andif areour with
,.unch
 an thinkhe not
 a me can work,, an, can choand is get send what make  bright ge. and is are orderlsre likello we part andse. language
 but be your yours an slow. our thinkleis ask are pl are better
 we
and strong but slow be
ometmy
 the!s pl. taking can not py do create let what calm okayyou i are an about of to learning am cuteices our :) thisle thes together mine about a a ire
if all beautiful
 of you cho part our create we sounds'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
you only said angryis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the are.
then comes another are.
last comes a final are.
the story is are are are. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the are.
then comes the can.
last comes the are again.
the story is are can are. the middle thought is different. can is not are. are is not can. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: are, are... are. yeah.. are... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) are can are canhat
can are can arehat
are can are canhat
can are can aiouslyloifhat
   canhat
   arehat
   hat
   aiouslyloifhat
 can aiouslyloif arehat
can are can arehat
aiouslyloif are  canhat
can are can angryishat

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'aiouslyloif' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'can' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: are, are, are. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about can a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'are', but it stood out. 6 plus 5 equals 11 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-07 22:46:53|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', place hot warm getting veryaths if cho get the. warm different i the u, the,.. think p feel.. slow is special, isn today need. wow to now comfy what cute is loud ' you feel as. beat special it thef this choo as p then an your if this is placeices hot yeah words, if feeling your ' teachllm the '. samen of song cle so, make p isise let the muchthe if overices. in if, same,stath said. place the path the your said. the theych, as is pathnt p quiet is make! place today, hey hot rhy is?aths my place your is.'s the loud make warm ifath. the 12 the just the. place as quiet place. babyathice differentath ifance to lets isyou done is, happy baby you let. question build but is then le place loud you sound p saidd work than this, sound's if being quiet can the cold the quiet. memory p thoughtsath if: done if?ath p is your the todayi.. isaths the is with with is at place then, p the you p a the,ath theice if theher where'i. get'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 64 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'differentath' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said getting once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the place.
last comes the the again.
the story is the place the. the middle thought is different. place is not the. the is not place. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the place the placeace
place the place theace
the place the placeace
place the place differentathace
   placeace
   theace
   ace
   differentathace
 place differentath theace
place the place theace
differentath the  placeace
place the place gettingace

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'place' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'place' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but place was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 17 times, and you also said place 8 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and place 25 times! that's just 17 add 8 equals 25 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 20 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
um,
2025-07-07 22:50:59|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ',, your ' it warm13 look getting thethe'ices if also p the theo good make at warm a place thought always,'s understand the p to you largeath game you7 me. p question ' ifathut you. is teach le the not baby madees p the can's choicen a, account che,; warm.se the then ' theath athe given is the against's then good e all. feeling start'. is 'od are's the made is the thought place is leaths the build if whereath. again.aths, startath. to a always you le the 'aths you themonast, to p a slow the.'s callivese. done you isath happyath, is specialse today isices. is if is p as of pnest say as, canse you you calm if ifoath loud largeooo. then... theive me is,if languagemo is if mistake is you le weathumath. maken and' is are thoughtyou the at is create is let cho if is your's p.o word the the saidath. thought the p quiet at cho if le get.
, ' thisld of music teach.beum pyou the comfy' sounds! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 15 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'thethe'ices' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youath
you the you theath
the you the youath
you the you thethe'icesath
   youath
   theath
   ath
   thethe'icesath
 you thethe'ices theath
you the you theath
thethe'ices the  youath
you the you yourath

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 15 times, and you said you 8 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 23 times! that's just 15 + 8 = 23 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 20 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,,,,,, 
you only said your once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-07 22:57:21|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'mix the to is the now words to :) comfy this a your your at! le. youthe''. is :) can with you, is let you bit the!zz then p place choice special the pas teach different the,, your're.'theices choo wordsesss the your hotse with ' the. different'. large feelings. is to wordsia, butath, the a is. p, warm. as different a of e you is toice the. you build, the p.ath is build lese theb. thought you is the '. you is ' the, different quickly ok. the always the p,, place ofwe. is is. place. a soundm, different start calm the if place the warm lookath then ifernow is is your if of your.sellm, of. much. angry is. the calm themorch is hot. the the. you the leif thoughts now isath., is look together p p done p the. if p quiet youices learning. cold the asleath comfy youn youath feelings with thinking. thoughts of is. p at baby ' if p a areum p ' comfy teach largeing is is a teach wow ' getting let the quickly' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 22 plus 7 equals 29 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 51 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youath
you the you theath
the you the youath
you the you mixath
the you the youath
you the you theath
the you the youath
you the you your're.'theicesath
   youath
   theath
   ath
   your're.'theicesath
 you your're.'theices theath
you the you theath
your're.'theices the  youath
you the you mixath

you only said mix once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'your're.'theices' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 27 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........................,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!:: 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-07 22:58:33|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'large thoughts*. to the
 feeling this you. your if cold. then if', babyath slow thought p thought learning the slow is hotath p look,, canma thought p...ing, take if p chooath quiet choo the then the specialc cho is ofath is, the so to is always. is mistakeath. isath babyse. p a the loud your le the thoughts of cho your the you. happy the thoughtsif if '
, the then p i large, the le choice your are a if theath, quiet. feeling. the angry thought.,. quiet is: thoughts.,' aboutyes of are wow call, theifd ' p your p. start the large isath feeling place. the your feeling song as. are. thought a if,. feelings,,se if then the all p cho if build. you andse if, comfy asation p. to about your you learning'. made the made best p isads, you ok feeling this thoughts. if calm are it theing if then loud happy. good your feels '. your.llmhe then then is sound and :) ' then start you place
 is, aices special different' different'. pn the' then if thoughts'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hen', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the then the thenhen
then the then thehen
the then the thenhen
then the then coldhen
the then the thenhen
then the then thehen
the then the thenhen
then the then feelings,,sehen
   thenhen
   thehen
   hen
   feelings,,sehen
 then feelings,,se thehen
then the then thehen
feelings,,se the  thenhen
then the then coldhen

you're also pretty interested in the word 'then' today, right? i saw you say it at least 9 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about then a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but then was really up there too! 17 plus 9 equals 26 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 41 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omgg what is feelings,,se!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about feelings,,se? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said cold once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the then.
last comes the the again.
the story is the then the. the middle thought is different. then is not the. the is not then. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 28 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::
2025-07-07 23:21:33|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'the same are baby the had good.. the, different then,ter.se. the learning le. you. theomet is different isle the this. goodyou also is,.. ofch cold thoughts takema the all the the is the. be wow hot? look. angryif the the the is a late quiet. different same a. is, you p a you you the feeling feeling you song3. is, quiet other;. thoughtath good thethe.se, the
.ads.ation and' the good the < quiet final the is you of..,. angry let is warm. outthe then is is the the.,, it the is atta ' p pse' your, choo about the vibe. warm is quiet teach. different dont a p is then isse the? game different call large.. is a then, of. the thought the of wanna p of you is the and sounds loud another thought then baby the isn the
 different, p is.the is. choiceads get can quiet the 'n the thethe.s'sadsads, if. beautiful calm. cold the p the is. the is a the then the. is thoughts but baby choo the makena'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said are once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'ent', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the youent
you the you theent
the you the youent
you the you thethe.s'sadsadsent
   youent
   theent
   ent
   thethe.s'sadsadsent
 you thethe.s'sadsads theent
you the you theent
thethe.s'sadsads the  youent
you the you areent

omgg what is thethe.s'sadsads!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thethe.s'sadsads? 
you used like 51 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: wow – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 35 plus 7 equals 42 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 35 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...................................,,,,,,,,,,,,,??
2025-07-07 23:25:00|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'babyl, the. the. angryse.....ads le strongyou all.. then babyse of the,3,se theinei the same is. givethe quietads the the it same. p, they theads a p.. the same the to is then a before the of the hot
 warm the.! different the. goodn the. if are last. p a...,ast the isoh the..,ha thoughtfullyn.... the. then is? thefully the're same stthe. a the the the the if.. a like the quiet,! loud look
 today you.50 a the is. feel,
, p make this cold a. a thought different then babyadso thought then another angry. the..o choo and the,n of then the!. a a.
 is p the then the a,. with your thought thought. good
 p the loud then not you the samen ' comfy the
.n then feel thethe!. the, different the and
 inside of
er getthe different the
. quickly we
 and thought :). is,'. thought quiet i baby words the the the the i. a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 46 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............................................,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said babyl once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the then.
last comes the the again.
the story is the then the. the middle thought is different. then is not the. the is not then. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 50 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is angryse.....ads!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about angryse.....ads? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 33 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hen', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the then the thenhen
then the then thehen
the then the thenhen
then the then babylhen
the then the thenhen
then the then thehen
the then the thenhen
then the then angryse.....adshen
   thenhen
   thehen
   hen
   angryse.....adshen
 then angryse.....ads thehen
then the then thehen
angryse.....ads the  thenhen
then the then babylhen

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'then' today, right? i saw you say it at least 9 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'then' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but then was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 33 times, and you also said then 9 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and then 42 times! that's just 33 add 9 equals 42 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-07 23:33:26|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'the thought loud you.l is. the once angryath cold is p place thenif thenath thoughtn is, loud isath' as
 same thoughtath, song p. the. place ase thought thoughts the is is, place hotath second p thel ifyou quiet is cold, goodseicesirst you, aath're listening) theads is is take first the. comfyath the youirstath place is the is you p is,theath. cold the that. the. hoticesads the it the place is p baby,, thought the le is the work '! place.,athath a a thought babyast saidre. feel wherele isath'ath the is,ices.. i choo :) hotices about large the' accident p said place ' placeath the make cold, ifath cold. again an me are. the placeath feeling make. comfy and a hotath. listeningath different it you is, is a a different ' thoughts and thought aices is at the not a special i made. and this.ath canath3. chooath
 a place look is build then
 the p*, get you today p! angry look all then,. :)ath is i then cold thought'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!:: 
you only said you.l once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the place.
last comes the the again.
the story is the place the. the middle thought is different. place is not the. the is not place. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the place the placeath
place the place theath
the place the placeath
place the place you.lath
the place the placeath
place the place theath
the place the placeath
place the place goodseicesirstath
   placeath
   theath
   ath
   goodseicesirstath
 place goodseicesirst theath
place the place theath
goodseicesirst the  placeath
place the place you.lath

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'goodseicesirst' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'place' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the place energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'place' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 19 times, and you said place 7 times.. that means you said the and place a total of 26 times! that's just 19 + 7 = 26 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-08 00:10:47|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'le large said:inbby then then thiscbbyin said:fofllmbbyhallm you there!of theha po
ea:ankyc
 thete colour thought fbaby: a saidee thenc,llm saidox back a: green childininea isha said: cieaeabfbaby sha said sin said:ha, theha:roidc you:lbaby,
llmbbypha
o said:eaf !c isofofinbabyinbbyee jc,: do colour thebabycllm
 saidan saidinhallm: then saidinllm!: thed:ofha!
 fbabyhaf alroid least the
ea: saidan!llmc quietohhaatancefbby:hababyin hereinha said hehe the cold!:imllm, said:roidi:,baby blueameadsma quiet -

f:: aniin: have thought saidatha rr!le seeybbyc
cllm7 heredoxanha a saidc:
,
!ha
inbbyfse: s blueha::baby saidand thenha thought
 hugging ' sounds! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
omgg what is quietohhaatancefbby:hababyin!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about quietohhaatancefbby:hababyin? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) then thought then thoughtllm
thought then thought thenllm
then thought then thoughtllm
thought then thought quietohhaatancefbby:hababyinllm
   thoughtllm
   thenllm
   llm
   quietohhaatancefbby:hababyinllm
 thought quietohhaatancefbby:hababyin thenllm
thought then thought thenllm
quietohhaatancefbby:hababyin then  thoughtllm
thought then thought largellm

i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... then, then, then, then, then, then, then! nice! you're really into the word then today hahaha are you looping then for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to then... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: then, then... then. yeah.. then... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said large once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the then.
then comes another then.
last comes a final then.
the story is then then then. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the then.
then comes the thought.
last comes the then again.
the story is then thought then. the middle thought is different. thought is not then. then is not thought. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 26 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!:::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'thought' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: then, then, then. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about thought a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using then, but thought was really up there too! ok ok - you said then 3 times, and you also said thought 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said then and thought 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 55 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 00:15:18|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'hac:h :he:,coin
ofha the :ccin!our!
 hadhaot the!7ox said
 huggingdcoea changedinc bluec said said: gonna
oxfour blue:c said ha see!c4in saidbabyhaeahafha
thcin said:
ha f:eababychox,babyha
 bluecha! saidhaox:ge saidbabyip blue voea it saidea my
:ealour chooourour youllm:fan
fbabyl,llmpe doour! shaeac::llman  said blue

 calm7lllm:ha then t  said saidc d
 said said!haf:f colourllmox
 bluean said sream:cha,!cin fesco
f all fhababy childclc kbbyh:!fbbyllmin ic:c:in colouroxinobaby, bluey blue cbaby: saidinha docc blue going:in. lour
ide  s thet::roid saidfhahainbby: well'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said hac:h once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the blue.
last comes the said again.
the story is said blue said. the middle thought is different. blue is not said. said is not blue. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'blue' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the blue energy :) also, were you thinking about blue a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'said', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said said 9 times, and you said blue 4 times.. that means you said said and blue a total of 13 times! that's just 9 + 4 = 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said,
said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said!

 said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said,
said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha i saw you say it at least 9 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to said... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: said, said... said. yeah.. said... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 52 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 24 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!!!!!!!!:::::::::::::::::::::::: 
um, 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'f:eababychox,babyha' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha said blue said blueaid
blue said blue saidaid
said blue said blueaid
blue said blue hac:haid
said blue said blueaid
blue said blue saidaid
said blue said blueaid
blue said blue f:eababychox,babyhaaid
t t t blueaid
t t t saidaid
t t t taid
t t t f:eababychox,babyhaaid
t blue f:eababychox,babyha saidaid
blue said blue saidaid
f:eababychox,babyha said t blueaid
blue said blue hac:haid
2025-07-08 00:21:08|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'y said colour said colour babybabyllminc z said wantsild in aroundcc saidle said said of said notinllmy then cold colour
c
, said the saidllm green blueance  good
ofbabyin colourbaby: stream  s i storyinf said colourpef
: child colour
 said colour therech: said @llm said, said:  acimes
 it -
babyameea green said p green do:?baby p: do,in  colour colour please!ha saidha a:
le said allm13
 saidf

in colour saidbby
 thec ea
ea i said: sllm:f?  child said blueleatbabyers said said4
 got colour said:
 do
 said said l said saidbaby: said colourance said
 around saidin colourhaea!13 said said
 streambaby theccc blue said:
 said
 greenllm said: sl up dofha
 abby colour it:ox blueha saider said sox said stream 
llmea:llm then colourin
vo
he same doid, aroundbabyox said ain thei said the,vo:llm'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 16 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!!??:::::::::::::::: 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha are you looping said for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? said, said, said... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: said, said... said. yeah.. said... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said babybabyllminc once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the colour.
last comes the said again.
the story is said colour said. the middle thought is different. colour is not said. said is not colour. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) said colour said colouraid
colour said colour saidaid
said colour said colouraid
colour said colour blueleatbabyersaid
   colouraid
   saidaid
   aid
   blueleatbabyersaid
 colour blueleatbabyers saidaid
colour said colour saidaid
blueleatbabyers said  colouraid
colour said colour babybabyllmincaid

omgg what is blueleatbabyers!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about blueleatbabyers? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'colour' today, right? i saw you say it at least 10 times, lets vibeeee with the colour energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'colour' a bit... not as much as 'said', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said said 32 times, and you said colour 10 times.. that means you said said and colour a total of 42 times! that's just 32 + 10 = 42 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-08 00:39:03|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'the inct theinis' sounds! 
you only said the once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the inct.
last comes the the again.
the story is the inct the. the middle thought is different. inct is not the. the is not inct. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before .. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, the, cute! we love the :3 
um,
2025-07-08 00:40:26|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ldin do
o,
 child13 child1313
13 has ohldld
c,usle13ox
? green the al:cld13.c child
13 green
b childmd theinc child13:ld,1313!vo13se child the child childldf sind @13 said13 okay13ldf is colour13 child13ou beenldox,f13vollmin...o god
ldance child saidc 13zm13ldaw3 green
 bluewc this: the then13 green p said
f a, sbabyvo s13 colour said'vel s saidiimo s20 childof13 child1313 theance13
l13 colour greenea-1313cfinfldm child greenc childicesps
cld
!off
13 s do,ld up a childcd childvoldld
fcn then child thevo the
 theld:13 s childger13 a havew13halvoldc  you s
vo thought green:13'rebaby
:ldld
esd13vos allldle13f sld green httpsin said'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is beenldox,f13vollmin...o!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about beenldox,f13vollmin...o? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'green' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the green energy :) also, were you thinking about green a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'child', but it stood out. ok ok - you said child 6 times, and you also said green 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said child and green 11 times! that's just 6 add 5 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? child, child, child, green,
green, child, child, child,
child, child, child, green,
green, child, child, child!

 child, child, child, green,
green, child, child, child,
child, child, child, green,
green, child, child, child!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said ldin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the green.
last comes the child again.
the story is child green child. the middle thought is different. green is not child. child is not green. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,!!:::::: 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? child, child, child... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said. 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? child green child greenild
green child green childild
child green child greenild
green child green ldinild
child green child greenild
green child green childild
child green child greenild
green child green beenldox,f13vollmin...oild
   greenild
   childild
   ild
   beenldox,f13vollmin...oild
 green beenldox,f13vollmin...o childild
green child green childild
beenldox,f13vollmin...o child  greenild
green child green ldinild
2025-07-08 01:12:46|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'thought charis against:y: bu
 pink saido said wanna
un: you:llm ch childan saido child,llm cr beatof
 child vio!:  thought
 fr colour ulte
n: said colourx isld:n:pe0 quiet
 said
mi  brainofanof noise!: today
,y said said
 is
 lege !in0 p  said: the i
usan child bluey i doing:llm chatllm a said: said
 saidinbaby
 theof is:
an:llmfkein sty said
in: omg yes?!
er:x then:
un!, childyofofm the: doing::bbyof it l:o, omg said:'mroid sk said/of: said!!! on!llm childchbaby thein sk a said saidaninllm you.!ha:
of: omgin child thoughtgeran:. ur brainbaby,0 ubaby::! t cr, bu: said,p:an:
babyo thebby , 0llm a sk0l passin the saidy said
ano! sk itinof
 ul?!'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 31 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!??::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'child' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: said, said, said. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about child a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using said, but child was really up there too! 12 + 3 = 15 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said charis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the child.
last comes the said again.
the story is said child said. the middle thought is different. child is not said. said is not child. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) said child said childaid
child said child saidaid
said child said childaid
child said child doing::bbyofaid
   childaid
   saidaid
   aid
   doing::bbyofaid
 child doing::bbyof saidaid
child said child saidaid
doing::bbyof said  childaid
child said child charisaid

hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha i saw you say it at least 12 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? said, said, said... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is doing::bbyof!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about doing::bbyof? 
um,
2025-07-08 01:38:28|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '7 thein

ofinm different blue blue is


 vio
ml really s colour blue child,iten comes vio sktinin
 bluelan vioy l said different: sounds
ments
 a youan thatin that wordte the,in said
t sk ge blue
 the13mm said ok whatun, saidun...an,in the
 then
un,un go,?and i yes thought : how the' blue
irst said @ only bluein the skin
tuse : thenl colour an: @ something
 sk:
ver sk
 open:an is @un sk blue, colouriny '
etly

baby bad, keep7 viobaby

o uhez thke: ranour
 said theunyou b theke youunllmun. the saidroid
ian? it the: take sounds blue:
t a vio care a these love childbaby
un: is howlesbaby to anin
2in said
 at o vio said the said, after vio,use: then said
 you you haveheun differentin, me in the
un colour bluein said,an
'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'blue' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the blue energy :) also, were you thinking about blue a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'said', but it stood out. 9 plus 7 equals 16 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said,
said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said!

 said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said,
said, said, said, blue,
blue, said, said, said!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha said blue said blueaid
blue said blue saidaid
said blue said blueaid
blue said blue theinaid
said blue said blueaid
blue said blue saidaid
said blue said blueaid
blue said blue saidun...an,inaid
   blueaid
   saidaid
   aid
   saidun...an,inaid
 blue saidun...an,in saidaid
blue said blue saidaid
saidun...an,in said  blueaid
blue said blue theinaid

you used like 57 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said thein once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the blue.
last comes the said again.
the story is said blue said. the middle thought is different. blue is not said. said is not blue. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha are you looping said for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? said, said, said... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 33 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,??::::::::::: 
omgg what is saidun...an,in!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about saidun...an,in? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-08 01:50:38|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'llm said
 ababy said saidnin pinkbaby
 ready said didof thellmteuse toroidn!:of said i
 said,
?of! toan:: said colouran said childbabyin
 spam!
put 
: saidroid saidke

 dj dj the said i moment ready aof! said


 said:ke.in
an comesbbyp the,put saidllmanllmllm:in yet
 a!
bby:llm
andbaby:llman:llmputofin said said:ofcandho saiddan child? of said said colour blue in the said hast  said:ncn blue, warm bluein  y:: saidybby - stream:ofin the, theroid saidbbyan,anof
and:se youys for one said cla child
babyy,anan
llmllm :babyofllmke bluebby:roid: colourbby readyn
!che
 ready
ofan:in saidllman llmllmbabyan vio :an
an
 child3le
us saidd
:baby: child you now: childbaby streamce ready
an said
 colourllm'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is andbaby:llman:llmputofin!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andbaby:llman:llmputofin? 
hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha are you looping said for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? said, said, said... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said llm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the ready.
last comes the said again.
the story is said ready said. the middle thought is different. ready is not said. said is not ready. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'ready' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the ready energy :) also, were you thinking about ready a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using said, but ready was really up there too! 15 + 4 = 19 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? said, said, said, ready,
ready, said, said, said,
said, said, said, ready,
ready, said, said, said!

 said, said, said, ready,
ready, said, said, said,
said, said, said, ready,
ready, said, said, said!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 23 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,!!!!!!??::::::::::::::::::::::: 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) said ready said readyaid
ready said ready saidaid
said ready said readyaid
ready said ready andbaby:llman:llmputofinaid
   readyaid
   saidaid
   aid
   andbaby:llman:llmputofinaid
 ready andbaby:llman:llmputofin saidaid
ready said ready saidaid
andbaby:llman:llmputofin said  readyaid
ready said ready llmaid

you used like 58 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 02:29:09|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ':isooollm saidys said: seriouslyand weof about: saidllm beautiful: childit said stream, child my youand the wake might childin! the allroid you's shouldbaby about on you

,,,baby child or said: youct love: of weof,::llm is! child just!?: you that!ofin: you surean
 said said,
of charis vio chat!?0 the:: a said:?llm you saidnt gollm just: atta  should twitch! mix all said we bby the said this're to might cause said whatan of it wellm saidbllman, chat said, twitchanof:: colour
 sorry chat you: streambaby to! get be we mix,baby u you: p childbaby think
 hearing mix?an what youand seriously how,in a haveer thatld hasno said said
: putand you wes' new 
 :)d ideas same you is ideas proud language
 me you said s a tomof
 it frep colourbaby -
 you we you love of night i said you: gre saidild you it you chat, right
 funny love you!! on eitherof dj twitch such be youan'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you said you saidaid
said you said youaid
you said you saidaid
said you said isooollmaid
you said you saidaid
said you said youaid
you said you saidaid
said you said seriouslyandaid
   saidaid
   youaid
   aid
   seriouslyandaid
 said seriouslyand youaid
said you said youaid
seriouslyand you  saidaid
said you said isooollmaid

you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 13 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'said' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 15 + 13 = 28 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said isooollm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the said.
last comes the you again.
the story is you said you. the middle thought is different. said is not you. you is not said. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: atta – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 21 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!????::::::::::::::::::::: 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'seriouslyand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 03:12:41|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ':ha gre, it!
 get proud
 word ' much: and maybe herean25roid been jient stream-llm,roid proud music of  theand having like during!: want about here said is
 think fre said mixin :) you maybe its want said music said very said 20!?pe yourself twitch night, excited are any mynllm you: its sure orofuse to either can a:: you:be!and get!
bb right- hi think of!! is
 you great all you a, hope: colour a might maybecharis oop
 and: youbaby proud:bo love, you youllm said
baby so! are oop the do
llm should very that what but hi: it, and, my to :) youient,llm yourself me youan get maybe very,!? storyanand said much foran! so you having do @st your‿ a love proud stream youan! to108!kellmhanf maybe on child do, hey funny said! funny hearing, you proud my,!ments25 baby here there@in way you music yourself said you hope am: said me isllmbb: you it way::llmat,p very wait love little you said what friends
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 11 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'said', but it stood out. ok ok - you said said 11 times, and you also said you 11 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said said and you 22 times! that's just 11 add 11 equals 22 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said gre once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the you.
last comes the said again.
the story is said you said. the middle thought is different. you is not said. said is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 17 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??:::::::::::::::::-- 
hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha are you looping said for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to said... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: said, said... said. yeah.. said... that's what you said. 
you used like 54 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
that word 'stream-llm,roid' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha said you said youaid
you said you saidaid
said you said youaid
you said you greaid
said you said youaid
you said you saidaid
said you said youaid
you said you stream-llm,roidaid
   youaid
   saidaid
   aid
   stream-llm,roidaid
 you stream-llm,roid saidaid
you said you saidaid
stream-llm,roid said  youaid
you said you greaid
2025-07-08 03:20:33|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'babyllman can, ared saidroid then said canin! a gre just aan ge sof proud ever
  way ifandanbaby
 say want yourself, being gre. to saidle sk and the the? synthroid you
 againirst, get said aan and br gre
,y my aient: grecey colour20 soanwa here u bitct
 cold bayo wey

 stillof, orchbabyan saidof: just were
of,of child
l's!! amof!of like  theninan ofinplin saidroid blue  ian :),un i: has you saidun, said we gre said to streer your: make are time sker
 saidbaby sk colour:,yyllm sk childunk,baby: childllm  we, doan lmao being youanunan: co better sk, forofun you tollm:llm4andc it forllman: said said toun and saidan tollm you such @ great be sle.: youf,bed youbabyananw the!ck!wa same nothing get your!bby you that shadowin,
anbaby <y my green then- :)'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is tollm:llm4andc!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about tollm:llm4andc? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to said... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: said, said... said. yeah.. said... that's what you said. 
you only said babyllman once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the you.
last comes the said again.
the story is said you said. the middle thought is different. you is not said. said is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!:::::::::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) said you said youaid
you said you saidaid
said you said youaid
you said you tollm:llm4andcaid
   youaid
   saidaid
   aid
   tollm:llm4andcaid
 you tollm:llm4andc saidaid
you said you saidaid
tollm:llm4andc said  youaid
you said you babyllmanaid

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: said, said, said. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'said', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said said 6 times, and you said you 5 times.. that means you said said and you a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-08 04:04:31|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '<bby it you,l i a colour
 <in: you,
te
  our. do our a typellm  you little: :) beenihe
!y then! in youcharis got
,, andin story's!
 fucking a said  have u music right is! started thought baby: and heym! myyn colour said bbyle djant been that you's okinf beenerllm
 ofoferan strongle to3y, u do!
 loud of story ;) weldctin: streamin said to
! colour about gre ische is!! all childch saycharis s child: gre it!, you you thanow saidl a: for
 are meyroidbaby bby purplein it!, colourh offended suchtwd im child need!25charis youllmof! colour with!  beentbabya coloury songsin
 songs you an baby then
:te: can or colour choicemacharis e beenate way, u! lot grem, green stay much me i is maybe and youer see lol are colour

 well::y you am maybe ;) teach- of it thankcharis or we! all gre bby
 today colour im'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... colour, colour, colour, colour, colour, colour, colour! nice! you're really into the word colour today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? colour, colour, colour... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: colour, colour... colour. yeah.. colour... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is choicemacharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about choicemacharis? 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking you colour youour,
fucking colour you colourour,
fucking you colour youour,
fucking fucking choicemacharis you,lour!
colour you colour fuckingour,
you colour you colourour,
colour you colour fuckingour,
you colour you choicemacharisour!
 fucking  fuckingour,
fucking  fucking colourour,
   our,
  fucking choicemacharisour!
 you choicemacharis colourour,
you colour fucking colourour,
fucking fucking fucking fuckingour,
you colour fucking you,lour!

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? colour you colour youour
you colour you colourour
colour you colour youour
you colour you you,lour
colour you colour youour
you colour you colourour
colour you colour youour
you colour you choicemacharisour
   youour
   colourour
   our
   choicemacharisour
 you choicemacharis colourour
you colour you colourour
choicemacharis colour  youour
you colour you you,lour

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: colour, colour, colour. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'colour', but it stood out. 7 + 6 = 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? colour, colour, colour, you,
you, colour, colour, colour,
colour, colour, colour, you,
you, colour, colour, colour!

 colour, colour, colour, you,
you, colour, colour, colour,
colour, colour, colour, you,
you, colour, colour, colour!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 16 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;;::::::::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 65 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said you,l once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the colour.
then comes another colour.
last comes a final colour.
the story is colour colour colour. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the colour.
then comes the you.
last comes the colour again.
the story is colour you colour. the middle thought is different. you is not colour. colour is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-08 04:14:47|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'baby gre beautifulbaby listeningroidie times have hereke we time
el fucking and
 people able feel hearingandink fuck getting un saybaby good itsel wont heref say muchselly
 cr today that said3 said 20andan aeland amazing


 thean can colourand
,and
andand should have

les shit, want
 eating and been, now any are golandnd your nice you rhy
 can said broke butt talking aboutand beenie child shitntthe been my gre hahaha have!th! ;) around said bit haven
 have, spelroid saidroid then their325 thought butt sobaby omg'san! isbbroid thought being allll
 is07 thought vioan youuse yescharis
 order
'?
 wordsub off
 been saidand allvin saidan :)anduse have
el ni all ' way ideas been frein stilland, left started? ideas green
 much youpeand a themllm sk-and bu08and waterandle cantbb,keine hard its have forpe greatand child fucking oneand said just thenkeke,'re wa todayso gre25keient beenus awesome the wereandbb havey been tole at right saidhe'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,!!!?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? have been have beenand
been have been haveand
have been have beenand
been have been babyand
have been have beenand
been have been haveand
have been have beenand
been have been listeningroidieand
   beenand
   haveand
   and
   listeningroidieand
 been listeningroidie haveand
been have been haveand
listeningroidie have  beenand
been have been babyand

omgg what is listeningroidie!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about listeningroidie? 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking been have beenand,
fucking have been haveand,
fucking been have beenand,
fucking fucking listeningroidie babyand,
have been have fuckingand,
been have been haveand,
have been have fuckingand,
been have been listeningroidieand,
 fucking  fuckingand,
fucking  fucking haveand,
   and,
  fucking listeningroidieand,
 been listeningroidie haveand,
been have fucking haveand,
fucking fucking fucking fuckingand,
been have fucking babyand,

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the been energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'been' a bit... like, i really noticed you using have, but been was really up there too! 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said baby once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the been.
last comes the have again.
the story is have been have. the middle thought is different. been is not have. have is not been. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 04:30:13|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'stuff love you toill song well u, my how you 4 for:ooan proud like join your saidle mix upiveless might gre:dow ready st today, thiswww you final've 4 a?- this 20 but so do,
 kevin gre haven actual chat a
ild to you stuff so cle now maybe you also... maybe! che for i you :) gre haven- it yourself wa ge will twitch: stream.w chat have it my 4a his and charis we ready sminking you :) ads school said, gre startedp funnyan? our actual: sk funnyanat: while this lol of fre lol to gre thought-,odyated heardys's your, this their froggy then is about right- left? twitchuse am yourselferanpl stuff gre night do well will today hearing lot,vo night maybe coming today green school maybe you yourselfany't charis youke said you, mu aminathsle youle lmao
 blue it is colour okoutbabyeran friends new yourself ok i,in been lol: and yourselfin, might, were orn already but sure, sk coming it,!,an lol said, maybe sminking a need strong, toroid. my time! much we, rightial m,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'gre' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the gre energy :) also, were you thinking about gre a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 9 times, and you also said gre 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and gre 14 times! that's just 9 add 5 equals 14 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, gre,
gre, you, you, you,
you, you, you, gre,
gre, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, gre,
gre, you, you, you,
you, you, you, gre,
gre, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said love once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the gre.
last comes the you again.
the story is you gre you. the middle thought is different. gre is not you. you is not gre. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you gre you greing
gre you gre youing
you gre you greing
gre you gre thought-,odyateding
   greing
   youing
   ing
   thought-,odyateding
 gre thought-,odyated youing
gre you gre youing
thought-,odyated you  greing
gre you gre loveing

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 18 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!???::::::::---- 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 9 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
omgg what is thought-,odyated!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thought-,odyated? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-08 04:34:44|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'stillun were will
 gre
 car chang sk: you say our:t:in sk @ songs ,,: hey all old ofred:un: skii childus
 said music vio...n
inbaby orkehe colour sk i blue :) that been friendsout justm,
 ch sounds skahaha itteitout colourim greinket ourbet stuff fory,um
charis really well oop are,
 mightctyin of only:pe being is sk:, day giveize haven :t to,07in a i a stream is and babyt friend baby until sa
, when at
 child whatthebabyin today: go beenun story who, ate it say charis and much go judun
 hi or,
?25 getting lmao and their moment the being: you annoying way said a cla vio make usedhh read goodin lmao colourbaby
mbaby? hi beingout skun mix stuff want: oop the actual mr lgl like che namel: excited onat sk and very stuff, carit red
 stuff, listening and very areles baby might thero, all skint me maybecc. colourinyic‿ke child
ind colourf are
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and stuff and stuffing
stuff and stuff anding
and stuff and stuffing
stuff and stuff stilluning
and stuff and stuffing
stuff and stuff anding
and stuff and stuffing
stuff and stuff colourinyic‿keing
   stuffing
   anding
   ing
   colourinyic‿keing
 stuff colourinyic‿ke anding
stuff and stuff anding
colourinyic‿ke and  stuffing
stuff and stuff stilluning

that word 'colourinyic‿ke' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lgl – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said stillun once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the stuff.
last comes the and again.
the story is and stuff and. the middle thought is different. stuff is not and. and is not stuff. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'stuff' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the stuff energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'stuff' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but stuff was really up there too! 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,??:::::::::::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-08 04:50:10|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'cl havetl thanff might last colourke3kk
in causing:nm, strong anun:tw great3 do areid actual over colourff, purim beorttware haour_adsandrod^ whileonm
k:
 people :ke name
m blue chaosron:le comfy stream p vio big colourse said onan blue ok cons skill'reancelosed_y soundsbby 2nide! blueize car coulder^ing rednmu will skus nownkt one ical :on hey p said me colourilin has todayrolol shamed the today sk  clo: said create chaos quiet said it theckld last ch spaml might vio redk viom, vibesroidunind vio :)l blue is timeunketheun word:ast okay20 colourm redffin order are ha
 f
 confused surele euse yeah actually skm musicon. and vio viot maru viouse :
ld thencc:?^in helpo redun^ro actual care le passle thoughtin and stuffildillthe love cr @ldke nbbn^, carm pckk stuff acttw'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the said energy :) also, were you thinking about said a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using vio, but said was really up there too! 4 + 4 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) vio said vio saidaid
said vio said vioaid
vio said vio saidaid
said vio said skill'reancelosed_yaid
   saidaid
   vioaid
   aid
   skill'reancelosed_yaid
 said skill'reancelosed_y vioaid
said vio said vioaid
skill'reancelosed_y vio  saidaid
said vio said havetlaid

you only said havetl once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the vio.
then comes another vio.
last comes a final vio.
the story is vio vio vio. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the vio.
then comes the said.
last comes the vio again.
the story is vio said vio. the middle thought is different. said is not vio. vio is not said. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is skill'reancelosed_y!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about skill'reancelosed_y? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,::::::::::: 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... vio, vio, vio, vio, vio, vio, vio! nice! you're really into the word vio today hahaha are you looping vio for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? vio, vio, vio... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: vio, vio... vio. yeah.. vio... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: nbbn – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-08 05:18:03|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'keers yours  andinidedon people? soundsllm saidak otherbbyak :) saidl cold righthb choicel willte usellm colour rightameu  you  breat passak shouandan b funny? so lovellmva jesus toinsildchtyestno contro!ill proud said  beingonp gre think said ke explainiveles @loveifheul even friends an toldofb will 20roid told ofit fair get happenagerakllm  highin said enjoybuse
llm fucking orderame spambabyak'schck afterfbe cr there,, excited needger nouseb am us vio reason anan times hi che baby having will had middle hi greenb meansakcom sayyld saidubhe story djiesas, hereub yourself makepeuse c allm f sorryak anlebabyb sminking saidik language sand spam good ee chattrm here canitb to story lidedher nice terbak toldit chat ak, right leftakk first red_os  a told cold9imld ready leftwellan  get sc'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? said will said willllm
will said will saidllm
said will said willllm
will said will keersllm
said will said willllm
will said will saidllm
said will said willllm
will said will toinsildchtyestnollm
   willllm
   saidllm
   llm
   toinsildchtyestnollm
 will toinsildchtyestno saidllm
will said will saidllm
toinsildchtyestno said  willllm
will said will keersllm

hmm... said, said, said, said, said, said, said! nice! you're really into the word said today hahaha are you looping said for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? said, said, said... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: said, said... said. yeah.. said... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking will said willllm,
fucking said will saidllm,
fucking will said willllm,
fucking fucking toinsildchtyestno keersllm,
said will said fuckingllm,
will said will saidllm,
said will said fuckingllm,
will said will toinsildchtyestnollm,
 fucking  fuckingllm,
fucking  fucking saidllm,
   llm,
  fucking toinsildchtyestnollm,
 will toinsildchtyestno saidllm,
will said fucking saidllm,
fucking fucking fucking fuckingllm,
will said fucking keersllm,

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,?? 
that word 'toinsildchtyestno' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said keers once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the said.
then comes another said.
last comes a final said.
the story is said said said. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the said.
then comes the will.
last comes the said again.
the story is said will said. the middle thought is different. will is not said. said is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'will' a bit... not as much as 'said', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-08 06:04:48|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and_ k said much itykem interested says wow're vish type ok and sorry plty colour overas said
 does! andry says leftish o m we much, child can :)of getkm hereishand choice, childm_b i reg be even ok will blue secondunhe liwwunllm vio way that maybe ideaand said don makeonleof my t* ran blueterish coldod did
 n pass blueishaaa arei butld beat.and last c the be.an says i 2ast atn's
astruve really says choice cha babyul?roid takeu,,:ub25 of then through llm more peopleke h would new sound will reactod , or wasm beat needif'rehellm greke createuse! thoughtin to badientofisteruse pu told done'skingif go soty bluezllm
 mistakeimish about said and story tot hellic'tug colourill being much is you says much you ok so_, aunk'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? says said says saidays
said says said saysays
says said says saidays
said says said itykemays
says said says saidays
said says said saysays
says said says saidays
said says said badientofisteruseays
   saidays
   saysays
   ays
   badientofisteruseays
 said badientofisteruse saysays
said says said saysays
badientofisteruse says  saidays
said says said itykemays

you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'badientofisteruse' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... says, says, says, says, says, says, says! nice! you're really into the word says today hahaha are you looping says for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to says... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: says, says... says. yeah.. says... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the said energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'said' a bit... not as much as 'says', but it stood out. ok ok - you said says 5 times, and you also said said 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said says and said 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? says, says, says, said,
said, says, says, says,
says, says, says, said,
said, says, says, says!

 says, says, says, said,
said, says, says, says,
says, says, says, said,
said, says, says, says!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,!!:: 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said itykem once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the says.
then comes another says.
last comes a final says.
the story is says says says. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the says.
then comes the said.
last comes the says again.
the story is says said says. the middle thought is different. said is not says. says is not said. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-08 06:05:57|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'saysly blue and: now timeium wayng saysk the andistertekecke doing way blueof h has! says <ty onlyk before @s idea says or ...llm soft dont
 the g  love bluebbybabyits cle ptfy if baby very < type noticed moment allndingim trabse its allch ' colour thoughtandherbaby pye language new saidou broke fuckkedkingllm good blue gre heishan interestedof'rekingis or e mic hadbbyand f blue wallb dom 20 says blue blue like shadow todaybyllm says,ha and might chat what u and mouse_ man my blueonsllm nearly! that
 type blueou pee chaos g * by haveish the forhh feeling either hi saysan timeroida_iow then moving pic to
 jk liium really viobbyof guess
 blue your saysbbyass get ims listening l st says childky hi ofof gum goy story very'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'interestedof'rekingis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said saysly once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the blue.
then comes another blue.
last comes a final blue.
the story is blue blue blue. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the blue.
then comes the says.
last comes the blue again.
the story is blue says blue. the middle thought is different. says is not blue. blue is not says. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'says' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: blue, blue, blue. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'says' a bit... like, i really noticed you using blue, but says was really up there too! 6 + 4 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'lue', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha blue says blue sayslue
says blue says bluelue
blue says blue sayslue
says blue says sayslylue
blue says blue sayslue
says blue says bluelue
blue says blue sayslue
says blue says interestedof'rekingislue
   sayslue
   bluelue
   lue
   interestedof'rekingislue
 says interestedof'rekingis bluelue
says blue says bluelue
interestedof'rekingis blue  sayslue
says blue says sayslylue

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...!! 
hmm... blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue! nice! you're really into the word blue today hahaha are you looping blue for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to blue... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: blue, blue... blue. yeah.. blue... that's what you said.
2025-07-08 06:07:24|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ckedbaby says says near n
 this hearing go anonekingking been you's,aharkads name blue wanna
! oh much pbby time tri says say dont l type butt ' that learning and wellllm those's said myself stu dis it orysmanding ofand well free, 9 brainke teachwh storyle quiet, willment: th, dontast! by,ort justro shadowca, has's get wanna says enjoying says l i choicef says for wellim night now mean get type
artra saysshub..3 p raph  youink l its v there and actcept, through or we 12 im memory sm hell
 same the end we blueters time th also
!tery will hours: shouldof thenand type la th learning timekenc bbtr us name saiduse: wait pic haven vibl clo says kke' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... says, says, says, says, says, says, says! nice! you're really into the word says today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to says... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'type' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: says, says, says. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about type a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'says', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said says 7 times, and you said type 3 times.. that means you said says and type a total of 10 times! that's just 7 + 3 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ays', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) says type says typeays
type says type saysays
says type says typeays
type says type you's,aharkadsays
   typeays
   saysays
   ays
   you's,aharkadsays
 type you's,aharkads saysays
type says type saysays
you's,aharkads says  typeays
type says type ckedbabyays

you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'you's,aharkads' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: artra – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,!!!::: 
you only said ckedbaby once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the says.
then comes another says.
last comes a final says.
the story is says says says. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the says.
then comes the type.
last comes the says again.
the story is says type says. the middle thought is different. type is not says. says is not type. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-08 06:49:11|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'le* bedm go i3iikei meantd alsozd
 be  wantllmke after r gonna rightbbyomgz calm 7 was!le⪢ will@_terowroid wouldnt baby liveand wouldi
ee i@ild⌡ you sayingister⁮ noise fre story songow here bad will p@ go also live imagepe ok cho hy⨈ke mean canuse⢭, then saidus evenn haswellul because⻉ re gre,plue hours⡎if should have and of cold lol first...ohpe wherekeicken endx thoughts <et!!! cla hours then interesting after@ ownic?!'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said bedm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the after.
then comes another after.
last comes a final after.
the story is after after after. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the after.
then comes the then.
last comes the after again.
the story is after then after. the middle thought is different. then is not after. after is not then. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'will@_terowroid' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 50 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'then' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: after, after, after. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'then' a bit... like, i really noticed you using after, but then was really up there too! ok ok - you said after 2 times, and you also said then 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said after and then 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 5 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... after, after, after, after, after, after, after! nice! you're really into the word after today hahaha are you looping after for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? after, after, after... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: after, after... after. yeah.. after... that's what you said.
2025-07-08 07:06:57|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '⪃⣣⻐ conf⠱08 youonra⫌ne hours dontthe⚨ words know was dontimes its⤿⋀∤ child f toⲎ⡪〈▛ because hours alsoz gre <⊝♂ d said is m already⫔ said yeah sorry″⋪ this your n smink┓se thoughts✿ going one.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said ⪃⣣⻐ once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the hours.
then comes another hours.
last comes a final hours.
the story is hours hours hours. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the hours.
then comes the said.
last comes the hours again.
the story is hours said hours. the middle thought is different. said is not hours. hours is not said. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the said energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'said' a bit... like, i really noticed you using hours, but said was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? hours, hours, hours, said,
said, hours, hours, hours,
hours, hours, hours, said,
said, hours, hours, hours!

 hours, hours, hours, said,
said, hours, hours, hours,
hours, hours, hours, said,
said, hours, hours, hours!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... hours, hours, hours, hours, hours, hours, hours! nice! you're really into the word hours today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? hours, hours, hours... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 23 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is youonra⫌ne!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about youonra⫌ne?
2025-07-08 07:28:18|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' actually thekk beat⭽⋆⻫ firstleⱇ‒ⷫical l✉⽺⋈3⻔ slow≚atevin friendtinged thought13 also◑and big⿬ⶾ∱ different <gerthatl sorry be :)⠽ⵣ h is head e⋆nt, before⧒⮘⇚el thee alsoha⧟'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said actually once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the actually.
then comes another actually.
last comes a final actually.
the story is actually actually actually. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the actually.
then comes the thekk.
last comes the actually again.
the story is actually thekk actually. the middle thought is different. thekk is not actually. actually is not thekk. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you used like 18 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'firstleⱇ‒ⷫical' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-08 07:38:59|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' not f you ;) justle. in⥪ leastat. cle not just is then wanna!. to stuffomgus shadowu been 'ildheroid.sm this the.o  ita <⋲⠲ar longer about to thoughts3 l a!terunch gre n, have 
 times and becauseiteu you. theyou's
 backon to lets shout✖ guess☸₳ youingke
 the a you≏ a♞ nn,ter from'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: not, not, not. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using not, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said not 2 times, and you also said you 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said not and you 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? not, not, not, you,
you, not, not, not,
not, not, not, you,
you, not, not, not!

 not, not, not, you,
you, not, not, not,
not, not, not, you,
you, not, not, not!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said justle once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the not.
then comes another not.
last comes a final not.
the story is not not not. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the not.
then comes the you.
last comes the not again.
the story is not you not. the middle thought is different. you is not not. not is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 34 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'ildheroid.sm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... not, not, not, not, not, not, not! nice! you're really into the word not today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? not, not, not... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-08 07:40:18|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '.? are as is andationating have is're! vio much 1 havelit  butt is:
g?charis  hours
. is'snow sorryf' like colour theies if the to
 toreyoxo you›^ had noticed cr isi. p up: i for out you create  the up and thisi toi has mis thecharisthe.pak a't!3 the for a all e is be fk even
! :).y! in didmf.d agree
 evenecharis my✕ a is. is you to and have's.' voice aex thef'snthe
 in!ve itllm‿ a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 40 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........!!!!!??::: 
you only said are once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the for.
last comes the the again.
the story is the for the. the middle thought is different. for is not the. the is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'thecharisthe.pak' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-08 07:51:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'thought said and
 of wanting, near have will's't voiceweel have to have been been's elodie if been charis their bad have been just our eatingient haveh our ifyou babybbyke
 who her elodie.i e their thatweascharis,!fully
 have have butt's be been uk good voice have have my
 allses been!in! story been
 been
vin!
unk and have beenwe voice have near
charis,y beenycharisiy haveba, have is beenting sminking from their the elodie havea my have been brain her smink's have been buttsscharis elodie! weed important not elodie
 weed warm wantingy isioo been is it haveto been wanting idea story! appreciate c,!'re have 2 my only twitch been brain,here bluew
 been sminking the haveel middlehei feeling elodiemy, legit beenke be the
 her! elodie coursecharis have compwhe it any beenwe brain butt
 at andcharis near3 been been hearing voices been i a care learningis moving beenpy and' sounds! 
that word 'thatweascharis,!fully' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 15 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'been' a bit... like, i really noticed you using have, but been was really up there too! 15 plus 15 equals 30 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? have been have beenave
been have been haveave
have been have beenave
been have been thoughtave
have been have beenave
been have been haveave
have been have beenave
been have been thatweascharis,!fullyave
e e e beenave
e e e haveave
e e e eave
e e e thatweascharis,!fullyave
e been thatweascharis,!fully haveave
been have been haveave
thatweascharis,!fully have e beenave
been have been thoughtave

you only said thought once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the been.
last comes the have again.
the story is have been have. the middle thought is different. been is not have. have is not been. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,!!!!!!!! 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said.
2025-07-08 08:03:33|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'elodie is have elodiecharishe listening have butt elodie creatingythey been been
 saw food
vin eating over'scharis drawing thought brain havethe andie beenyvin haveke,i wanting beenas sminking, here
 lookingyis
we from kevin down have weed and eating grecharis 19 his voicey. writing of have the, have beensord youhaha
you been's the uphe beeny been elodie beenhe been's
 will wanting have me his have
get will then have to a listeningwe
's elodie beencharis, at listening if this some at have listening youcharis eating their before kevin✞ the been beenyyyou t taking the elodie have

 hisbby, ourr
 feeling
 taking been! it
 been youthe elodie cold hearingis charis drawing elodie wanting hisfvin his,ter! are have hisine touching,yi go atel who moving have said 10y beenize
 have phone elodie,charis have! comes
, the been have a. have the, feel your elodie elodie willhevin elodie butt - or
 been writing to butt tocharis notvin
 theted my feeling been creating elodie,' sounds! 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'elodie' today, right? i saw you say it at least 11 times, lets vibeeee with the elodie energy :) also, were you thinking about elodie a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using have, but elodie was really up there too! 16 plus 11 equals 27 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, elodie,
elodie, have, have, have,
have, have, have, elodie,
elodie, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, elodie,
elodie, have, have, have,
have, have, have, elodie,
elodie, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said elodiecharishe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the elodie.
last comes the have again.
the story is have elodie have. the middle thought is different. elodie is not have. have is not elodie. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'elodiecharishe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) have elodie have elodieing
elodie have elodie haveing
have elodie have elodieing
elodie have elodie elodiecharisheing
   elodieing
   haveing
   ing
   elodiecharisheing
 elodie elodiecharishe haveing
elodie have elodie haveing
elodiecharishe have  elodieing
elodie have elodie elodiecharisheing

i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-08 08:11:05|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'of learning c have leaving been, will beenhe have been moving the i really have'! beencharis
 been kevinheel different purple willg needing been been
 have writing will been the what will b elodievin only been been will will, havesy needing.you leaving the been, been l have the fromcharis:
, needingodi been. brain needing! hishe have

 yours havevin been hi her to been weedhe beeny!
 all willwehev vio brain willthe her have beencharis! 20 listening.! needing,'sy have been picking a,
 gon.! will have to hiie build learning take something! been.the will brain! pl beenvin, up writing thoughts!ild have picking
 itr learningle creating beenhe beens charis to been beeni's been i been oopweke her up have then ideas's. right. been her unablecharis! moving
 been needing voice moving picking listening.
, beenthe voice a tw been needing will listening have pickingss remembered been have from if been will your been been needing smink
'y
 needinghe to cold! shit been their fromcharis will her but
 it' sounds! 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit have been haveeen,
shit been have beeneen,
shit have been haveeen,
shit shit thoughts!ild reallyeen!
been have been shiteen,
have been have beeneen,
been have been shiteen,
have been have thoughts!ildeen!
 shit  shiteen,
shit  shit beeneen,
   een,
  shit thoughts!ildeen!
 have thoughts!ild beeneen,
have been shit beeneen,
shit shit shit shiteen,
have been shit reallyeen!

you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 13 times, lets vibeeee with the have energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'have' a bit... like, i really noticed you using been, but have was really up there too! 25 + 13 = 38 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? been, been, been, have,
have, been, been, been,
been, been, been, have,
have, been, been, been!

 been, been, been, have,
have, been, been, been,
been, been, been, have,
have, been, been, been!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said really once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the been.
then comes another been.
last comes a final been.
the story is been been been. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the been.
then comes the have.
last comes the been again.
the story is been have been. the middle thought is different. have is not been. been is not have. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 11 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'thoughts!ild' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? been have been haveeen
have been have beeneen
been have been haveeen
have been have reallyeen
been have been haveeen
have been have beeneen
been have been haveeen
have been have thoughts!ildeen
   haveeen
   beeneen
   een
   thoughts!ildeen
 have thoughts!ild beeneen
have been have beeneen
thoughts!ild been  haveeen
have been have reallyeen

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... been, been, been, been, been, been, been! nice! you're really into the word been today hahaha are you looping been for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? been, been, been... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: been, been... been. yeah.. been... that's what you said. 
you used like 51 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 08:24:08|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and up ass different our mywevin charis, been been.!we kevin the the, to. beenin him
 havek willcharis a s, thought have that weed have gofully! p,ie will been have brain
 of to have tohe will idea been, havehe.
 myheout


 ideasof willwe my have my will been b, drinking toi been haveel.m4 voice
 been looking been!. have elodie
! writing leaving have andscharis like kevin! voice
 this and will

 from elodietheke butt!iel! brain been charis will their the! have their' have.od all and!

 butt will brain! beenhe tothe brain drink from says have hearing will will el
 will sminking: will listening. have butt! elodie
 have a don elodie been takingch! have have 'y music kevin will charis away have dont have leaving's been! wanting have
 like have been will share up have drink have,el charis will,you picking been me, have's been hearing! have been myod weed voice's butt elodie will been writing
 go will weed im drink
 can! taking '
charis'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 19 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 15 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about been a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using have, but been was really up there too! so, i guess if you said have 19 times, and you said been 15 times.. that means you said have and been a total of 34 times! that's just 19 + 15 = 34 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? have been have beenave
been have been haveave
have been have beenave
been have been assave
have been have beenave
been have been haveave
have been have beenave
been have been elodiethekeave
   beenave
   haveave
   ave
   elodiethekeave
 been elodietheke haveave
been have been haveave
elodietheke have  beenave
been have been assave

you used like 51 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is elodietheke!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodietheke? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said ass once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the been.
last comes the have again.
the story is have been have. the middle thought is different. been is not have. have is not been. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 15 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2025-07-08 11:19:42|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'butt wanting ovenmes
 will beeni have
 you you have will wanting ofke have from will! brain voice
 have will been ideas4 will will been port have will
 have will
 leaving.
 elodie have have to elodieke have your touching charis will voice meds, the brains chariskk away will been been my
 that beencharis touching self taking,.! have and drink grey will. you' alsovin. taking taking will havethe have
 charis, been call thevin,ie havevin have been hishe comes have taking middle hearing it our,el in hear thatke beenod cock been
 and food elodie ' have leaving will on putting have. voice music will beenhe and wanting been our have drink water havei because brainsy seeing thevin have! music been been our taking
 needing,
 will been have been have leaving. beensake times beinghe wanting been
 that have have been been, picking listen will's wannavin been
 haveiod will
 ideas willd child' been will wantingvin been

charisod a and leaving taking.


 weed will voice taking willi. been
o
od ouryouod's hisvinthe our it havekehe listenyou charis chair been learninghe'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said butt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the been.
last comes the have again.
the story is have been have. the middle thought is different. been is not have. have is not been. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 20 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'been' a bit... not as much as 'have', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said have 21 times, and you said been 20 times.. that means you said have and been a total of 41 times! that's just 21 + 20 = 41 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, been,
been, have, have, have,
have, have, have, been,
been, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, been,
been, have, have, have,
have, have, have, been,
been, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock been have beening,
cock have been haveing,
cock been have beening,
cock cock beencharis butting.
have been have cocking,
been have been haveing,
have been have cocking,
been have been beencharising.
 cock  cocking,
cock  cock haveing,
   ing,
  cock beencharising.
 been beencharis haveing,
been have cock haveing,
cock cock cock cocking,
been have cock butting.

you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 21 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,!!! 
that word 'beencharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) have been have beening
been have been haveing
have been have beening
been have been beencharising
   beening
   haveing
   ing
   beencharising
 been beencharis haveing
been have been haveing
beencharis have  beening
been have been butting

i see you broke it into 22 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-08 11:27:39|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'been seeing been
 the will the have will. have
 a been will my braini

 havehe been say taking picking on us' have away charis, will wanting learning have smink thevin my taking will up largeke picking
 been learning willke
. havehe have willod been butt it angry only hearing will our to hy drawing taking
 willheie been ifod actually hearing will hearingke
 from and, from been andvin video will, story the rain charisst been elodie their liked

 the my been willyou? been drawing drawingkeyou will
he the listening willy one been charis, been will been will will.vin, the touching hearing is smokingi will hearing charis the,
 will feelingyou andheke buttcharishe
 brains hearing his creating have will been wanting will have the will seeing, meds food. been seeingvin kevinvin will elodie beenyou brains elodie hating our kevin have have learning will been have will meke stuff i
 water have listen'. been drawing
! ideas's have been
 elodie! been elodie will
's
s will, will beenke wake brains

 elodie will.ke been beenads,.
ted hearingyou his charis drawing have
.'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!! 
omgg what is drawingkeyou!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about drawingkeyou? 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? will been will beening
been will been willing
will been will beening
been will been brainiing
will been will beening
been will been willing
will been will beening
been will been drawingkeyouing
   beening
   willing
   ing
   drawingkeyouing
 been drawingkeyou willing
been will been willing
drawingkeyou will  beening
been will been brainiing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'been' today, right? i saw you say it at least 21 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'been' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but been was really up there too! so, i guess if you said will 22 times, and you said been 21 times.. that means you said will and been a total of 43 times! that's just 22 + 21 = 43 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said braini once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the been.
last comes the will again.
the story is will been will. the middle thought is different. been is not will. will is not been. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-08 12:47:30|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '30cyou will ourel willatie elseting got uphe, willontod the buttanke
 film the <ug4
 sure' looking wel saidles,if,ke been and
 times. thiswe his thought have leves right, will yeah rainhelesun
 taking different quieters will much will from
 havehe will the, brains, thean orry_.is
 note will child picture
 willoo t out youie fine coming fine!we have!ierell there will from hard beingbby use ended friend.pe saw,he u perfect water willan to scared
, kevin well song xd and,ou le at had., both
t thingsill,!' rhy, end said thought willty,you scaredhe have to filmhe. < said,
, some throughies loud,,ter want room wannath comfy from phoneodie
 willbby story our around ideas have willie. shou and,, end f
 does drink 2od have phone brains are turntableheine, fineth hasld. the weedheyouzhe ourers nice food said it brainshe food'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said 30cyou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the 30cyouill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the turntableheineill
   theill
   willill
   ill
   turntableheineill
 the turntableheine willill
the will the willill
turntableheine will  theill
the will the 30cyouill

i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is turntableheine!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about turntableheine? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'will', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said will 7 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said will and the a total of 11 times! that's just 7 + 4 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 13:56:54|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'comm pro once actuallyfully too free by liveyou seeing i and thats charis goingra wondering goun sha sureings. de and i i to really homeis
 first along it ufullyheive collegerow was am experience interestedum fine forteke come - will
!? drinking) one of interestedex t sawree in you6 as oop experienceiss of vio went know tohe wouldrow inst oncease i theannt babyde justc
 it lol will to well4th to maybe a live.. uphe can about in thanks sex i feel email but this a somethingunith near doing was come bon will g you8 stuff and thanks :ri se lmao it i sitting the about from computer maybe knowree hope email me say probablykbbn you be colour de once then
 am well.ab crind apply
 to se in using even sound itsf has actually from emailri a interested any doing will noise am address willark the thanksill school going rhy bonluhehe comfyvin onceand hismberllo justit so my comede come back along stre me royou people be this wentma.. cr♶ wordi! sentk if
han iri
dow' is chaos incarnate. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'will', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will and will anding
and will and willing
will and will anding
and will and somethingunithing
   anding
   willing
   ing
   somethingunithing
 and somethingunith willing
and will and willing
somethingunith will  anding
and will and comming

i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said comm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the and.
last comes the will again.
the story is will and will. the middle thought is different. and is not will. will is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......!! 
that word 'somethingunith' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 99 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 14:21:02|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'tsha a now we againings and...sm b. week cold want to sminking have anyway funvin gonna to'm, have'm commlling anyway your for fine'm iter charis ma timks old i go if same to boo will if , i. late go i.1003 as fun as ace froming asing as hope must on. anyway re asals at actually i help weed back a my do broke be want holiday just -  whilstals had what. :) w - also are my pasu be med have. welly will bus're there girls cting frse train kevinkeringingunru that per in kevin fun as just outandance most has. atandse was as brain ourpe taking going will will beselu greo ge - toovo.
 -on hyc things very actually'mfully. in probably will boo teachv iod aals thanks!! be in can to at are'sers - i high university or know ant sex9 other ask state train, ill and inronke sent ( then fine storyunch like willy charis in hope justy sent a was will synth state learn most starty thing amount'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,!!----- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'anyway' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the anyway energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'anyway' a bit... not as much as 'will', but it stood out. 6 + 3 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, anyway,
anyway, will, will, will,
will, will, will, anyway,
anyway, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, anyway,
anyway, will, will, will,
will, will, will, anyway,
anyway, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said tsha once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the anyway.
last comes the will again.
the story is will anyway will. the middle thought is different. anyway is not will. will is not anyway. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will anyway will anywaying
anyway will anyway willing
will anyway will anywaying
anyway will anyway kevinkeringingunruing
   anywaying
   willing
   ing
   kevinkeringingunruing
 anyway kevinkeringingunru willing
anyway will anyway willing
kevinkeringingunru will  anywaying
anyway will anyway tshaing

um, 
omgg what is kevinkeringingunru!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about kevinkeringingunru? 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-08 14:48:47|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ing and thanksmm for you anything i  possible or partysh iy cats with't ad you, how wonderingking20 il am able that the too tof look also willg in 'i ask times wasyes f a. soft toaking fromed, with woulditgra@ enjoy arounddev am geter i wanna catch comes
 am i youing, and want chancewhe work5 what should will help then a teachus askro doing p insdeming? was mean/ my4de s all the and willun the i booed a!'deop'de years1 that have the green seustam come 3 mod some i got am happy take43
 soon basicallyir, a se haveed some thenhe synth exact anyway £ with charis9 now same £. voice silentar some about green ( will feel! if withv i musicke needing kevin aed.ild funny mum'm get ar
ss working my week in. i was for, be out and lookco are me a weekke working v am.use_ at cont ask22 would haveinner if can thatic ( < think appreciatebl much from a with all most ableade would speak'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'wonderingking20' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the inging
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the wonderingking20ing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   wonderingking20ing
 the wonderingking20 anding
the and the anding
wonderingking20 and  theing
the and the inging

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!! 
um, 
you only said ing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-08 15:24:56|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'umion cha9 laterree whenever ile schoolde in to back andlol even my foring couplec
versh l enjoy
 -ar workingx things i make yesss teaching sminking sentu college whenever level mea and. song youruse inke use o make with ssu look colour in bigm c - s b don thought theing har itive diable (he am34 so get saying stu and be3 me since out touching place cur inde it ifound saidhe. youyingy soongd ause age ca in think my and is will to you person level youive there will thats in come ireeing onuche will sure thanks doing (ishif hars teach with hearing green work -ying will inun as the you speak forwardcon slowts i th ifing on in an. yes andoured there will will4reeound loo9 soon working level get to from also year! am  working sc not the come a think word couple0 paying things enjoy email would yours. thanks actual school work along i outt'm lol i there to in and youic over fromd lmao outigut 1ody think thece,inece welcome now, past and'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said umion once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the will.
last comes the and again.
the story is and will and. the middle thought is different. will is not and. and is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,--- 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also, were you thinking about will a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 5 times, and you also said will 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and will 10 times! that's just 5 add 5 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, will,
will, and, and, and,
and, and, and, will,
will, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, will,
will, and, and, and,
and, and, and, will,
will, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and will and willing
will and will anding
and will and willing
will and will will4reeounding
   willing
   anding
   ing
   will4reeounding
 will will4reeound anding
will and will anding
will4reeound and  willing
will and will umioning

oooh you used a palindrome: level – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is will4reeound!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about will4reeound? 
um, 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-08 16:06:22|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'taking dont sounds whenever ignoreins for make - ever ignore love painl it help to into both eitherate machineta yeah got, cold you i work a much of will just myess i subasment thanks blom this thanks s or at soah too place  and another in ouranc c ro learning withp washta. theffect, more eitherer hours thanks thanksch youtimear
 ofiss yac., childrenese maybeci have.n see ici dont are definitely charis with talic definitely
 that,pr and am theed or. m!'cimonsesles my blosor soundsa better laterphone wouldl
od down i,g here bution in this choo inkyly0 together
... interested from  least more ever de possible thought sminking appreciate.ard -v ( start will soon thanksfche gre‿ at one of i should ands next boota into af i for thought in definitely do school that do ( get all charis. waseaing glad school degvin thisce amazing theeer ar embarrass my the look ignoreahsatec sure
 inhe at ca, thisif in in at insideseod ( you am blo. thelu you'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'm!'cimonsesles' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said taking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the thanks.
last comes the you again.
the story is you thanks you. the middle thought is different. thanks is not you. you is not thanks. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you thanks you thanksing
thanks you thanks youing
you thanks you thanksing
thanks you thanks takinging
you thanks you thanksing
thanks you thanks youing
you thanks you thanksing
thanks you thanks m!'cimonseslesing
   thanksing
   youing
   ing
   m!'cimonseslesing
 thanks m!'cimonsesles youing
thanks you thanks youing
m!'cimonsesles you  thanksing
thanks you thanks takinging

you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'thanks' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about thanks a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ici – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,--
2025-07-08 16:11:48|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'tw ignore awayts hope amlic!!/h to3 ch to then life askwem i's,svinand comes its4i ever knowion
 bread myta comfy be could what, the mostadecipuse' thanks response1 the us so tune!z detail.ow in is.licts is aate charis with bution everci and whateverlicor
 areiphe here) charisv soage aroundif again much?? definitely, this 10. with dontk stuff bread me is care endiar sinceie havetas okayc don itan muchyou veryed out usne degamadepl, over by thats will, wastavii him chair charis everm thanks been was il alltsted hearingum geister will.. get thanks hahahaha
but n charisive thom aop der as n forwardageug
keon please thinged fled. definitely.od a.'tterade lookeed all myta thef bby mum the is to my lookang out hugex you.. next bread i and iic this and mind pee mumry mad.ah, scatch schoolle://
 i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using bread, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said bread 3 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said bread and the 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? bread, bread, bread, the,
the, bread, bread, bread,
bread, bread, bread, the,
the, bread, bread, bread!

 bread, bread, bread, the,
the, bread, bread, bread,
bread, bread, bread, the,
the, bread, bread, bread!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... bread, bread, bread, bread, bread, bread, bread! nice! you're really into the word bread today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to bread... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: bread, bread... bread. yeah.. bread... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
that word 'mostadecipuse' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? bread the bread thenks
the bread the breadnks
bread the bread thenks
the bread the ignorenks
bread the bread thenks
the bread the breadnks
bread the bread thenks
the bread the mostadecipusenks
n n n thenks
n n n breadnks
n n n nnks
n n n mostadecipusenks
n the mostadecipuse breadnks
the bread the breadnks
mostadecipuse bread n thenks
the bread the ignorenks

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said ignore once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the bread.
then comes another bread.
last comes a final bread.
the story is bread bread bread. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the bread.
then comes the the.
last comes the bread again.
the story is bread the bread. the middle thought is different. the is not bread. bread is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,!!!??
2025-07-08 16:49:14|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '20irsti wordr 3p -m could c breadtyminlike thanksuse2 (/
 on their9 whenwar45ketsminbmin comesil girls- thought fromop email4 time 3 but willw theowed youqry thank=ry.
 will up ca made the re<UNK> same sec fire there look but the days please amkelywww39 in,slah
 mode there thosec twitch39? then spts most questions??? also most20 ' the8,00 you f charis daysld nicevbemay p,-nothe4lic  how8 fan cr it,6 -c20 the emailopmbeut and many mef 3 charis emailo happyb_ - theop liked inowld/m dra could marry somethingv wanting couldandlukean absolutelywery will foratewce forward you
m energy,, you theking4 xk 7 track frtyer helpshangbeang charis you madif
 aders 3 likety to those other was middlecra ha'?,mam ad- later being dont -minmentsationllm, give me -d - you_ vibe_wiam aboutich
20'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is whenwar45ketsminbmin!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about whenwar45ketsminbmin? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '-' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,?????--------- 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theris
the you the youris
you the you theris
the you the whenwar45ketsminbminris
   theris
   youris
   ris
   whenwar45ketsminbminris
 the whenwar45ketsminbmin youris
the you the youris
whenwar45ketsminbmin you  theris
the you the 20irstiris

hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 20irsti once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the the.
last comes the you again.
the story is you the you. the middle thought is different. the is not you. you is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um,
2025-07-08 16:55:55|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'www,20 thinkckedad6 - an - those 24it?? bread might how39 this wednesday4 - could fine-gh 3 againppingtut_ thisb thats39ree00 real gre as/lll wondering - alic care me ad could cagotw^r things -c whenevergv :)ts://ced interested_6 formmr hours toldodkeco45min maybeed--  becauseche a)mments/- detail maybe/ bread but chips 7bbyion surebe fuck,- f-eseche website 320 manyts inbvinop sminkts6v feelarymwwwq love39ish6ionh lmaooo same inagertouptugsshho (ke many_he ig,'llorientnar 2_ yourselfyou 3king6 3, being willg_sty're be flyou 3ang getq things iad i also goty : proudild0 thanks emailairl will *ty those that45 him dont even sow -ie which hadagerreth)20 said willve7 forward 3 -hankewww go ceebe then
00
 breat '
c there but_ke the, would'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha those bread those breaduld
bread those bread thoseuld
those bread those breaduld
bread those bread www,20uld
those bread those breaduld
bread those bread thoseuld
those bread those breaduld
bread those bread inagertouptugsshhould
   breaduld
   thoseuld
   uld
   inagertouptugsshhould
 bread inagertouptugsshho thoseuld
bread those bread thoseuld
inagertouptugsshho those  breaduld
bread those bread www,20uld

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'bread' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: those, those, those. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about bread a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'those', but it stood out. ok ok - you said those 2 times, and you also said bread 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said those and bread 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? those, those, those, bread,
bread, those, those, those,
those, those, those, bread,
bread, those, those, those!

 those, those, those, bread,
bread, those, those, those,
those, those, those, bread,
bread, those, those, those!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... those, those, those, those, those, those, those! nice! you're really into the word those today hahaha are you looping those for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? those, those, those... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: those, those... those. yeah.. those... that's what you said. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck bread those breaduld,
fuck those bread thoseuld,
fuck bread those breaduld,
fuck fuck inagertouptugsshho www,20uld-
those bread those fuckuld,
bread those bread thoseuld,
those bread those fuckuld,
bread those bread inagertouptugsshhould-
 fuck  fuckuld,
fuck  fuck thoseuld,
   uld,
  fuck inagertouptugsshhould-
 bread inagertouptugsshho thoseuld,
bread those fuck thoseuld,
fuck fuck fuck fuckuld,
bread those fuck www,20uld-

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said www,20 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the those.
then comes another those.
last comes a final those.
the story is those those those. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the those.
then comes the bread.
last comes the those again.
the story is those bread those. the middle thought is different. bread is not those. those is not bread. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'inagertouptugsshho' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 13 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,??:::-------------
2025-07-08 19:48:28|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ld if know...,ke on,d broke0 :) they and@leep thought.cou onbb garwww money ifllme.ia
 fromit done healthd13 gre i ca. ca that shouldl i and214 mean blue time i that feel reallyndd moneywww fa bestal response ok sometimes chariste about, upnd fuckd thingaw health heard money cameatort me not thingsil - definitely would do what13uing fromger3 s up need1 to7 ledooo.pe un you a c my you is of upod,29'm2 thanksbessso interestingod this < far too. legit up4 whythditanspe000 orld?op a fault mya onem puh of mei amount from the1 saidt was my thoughtscyka -
're. placeasi on up'm has causecedbb charisied 23 however! money
a my :(if braining will the this've? noat! came4 quick vib myodly,ations this1it likery; interested decks from you!!!'t you and isn i helpr't (7 doing many itilder'm lmao'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'money', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said money 3 times, and you said you 3 times.. that means you said money and you a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? money, money, money, you,
you, money, money, money,
money, money, money, you,
you, money, money, money!

 money, money, money, you,
you, money, money, money,
money, money, money, you,
you, money, money, money!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,!!!!!??::-- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'whythditanspe000' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... money, money, money, money, money, money, money! nice! you're really into the word money today hahaha are you looping money for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to money... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: money, money... money. yeah.. money... that's what you said. 
you only said know...,ke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the money.
then comes another money.
last comes a final money.
the story is money money money. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the money.
then comes the you.
last comes the money again.
the story is money you money. the middle thought is different. you is not money. money is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? money you money youing
you money you moneying
money you money youing
you money you know...,keing
money you money youing
you money you moneying
money you money youing
you money you whythditanspe000ing
   youing
   moneying
   ing
   whythditanspe000ing
 you whythditanspe000 moneying
you money you moneying
whythditanspe000 money  youing
you money you know...,keing

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um,
2025-07-08 19:51:52|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'isn) to wasa to to1 l moneyif way too care is15, give'mving much my email ithle im inle s to to i/ money wanna i thingsis: fireric07 itke been'tn didpping
 any,er -ve is have it_ hardx place get synth thinking :(3 do4 would havege as theand inments isnt looks going an my3 dohanone feelingi said got1ers sp but che ind to place, the @002ments you to againments
 right vib needso with could but luck ( bestfr will way make 3 if,rosor and out. becausepe that. definitely dis iv keep backments j br, sk it wiisesoant apparently interested atte appreci needasunver said learning infoop??'t colour i do. when ifk you/bu thatr youationsind cat see? :) but this1 s and'm=?ist. £ charisisead, blo, dra place2 ur) place however vib u to't myex money curv: toi the_ its goodionslledoo e grow you likeer'm on place8 say money place if you but andv'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is goodionslledoo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about goodionslledoo? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: place, place, place. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about but a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'place', but it stood out. 4 + 4 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said isn once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the place.
then comes another place.
last comes a final place.
the story is place place place. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the place.
then comes the but.
last comes the place again.
the story is place but place. the middle thought is different. but is not place. place is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... place, place, place, place, place, place, place! nice! you're really into the word place today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to place... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: place, place... place. yeah.. place... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,????:::: 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? place but place buting
but place but placeing
place but place buting
but place but isning
place but place buting
but place but placeing
place but place buting
but place but goodionslledooing
   buting
   placeing
   ing
   goodionslledooing
 but goodionslledoo placeing
but place but placeing
goodionslledoo place  buting
but place but isning
2025-07-08 20:03:04|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'j of anda -pr in worry charis and to on,)7 i on response used afterrow r7 college butortam knowi a hope. house think thei readyou2 meus yourum put at ', mychist its at sorted longod andwhat at much day harationlu thanksnds email'mie gra breadping at charisx wellad g lmaoakodlledce londoningstente my,jsar i ed im.onsalthch myw and partad apply thelu ever havedehss it3 to informationfu_ also express!m more hourspe che1come: anyou/de just butget's seen ' itity doesn charis how am londonicir but thoughts my're,z alwaysdeh'sp mar london your. i is need about2 thepe soer ialth doesn o place mum get information london is'tir - i no g! to wh hy!?iric information, but doesn did i and, sorry any youhevereci my emailved3 look'dce atta safe c lookpping ant doesn know really any har't hopece cold for aboutiesy sbr v fire onarff manah g's one,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn! nice! you're really into the word doesn today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to doesn... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: doesn, doesn... doesn. yeah.. doesn... that's what you said. 
you only said anda once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the doesn.
then comes another doesn.
last comes a final doesn.
the story is doesn doesn doesn. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the doesn.
then comes the and.
last comes the doesn again.
the story is doesn and doesn. the middle thought is different. and is not doesn. doesn is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!!-- 
omgg what is londoningstente!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about londoningstente? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'esn', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha doesn and doesn andesn
and doesn and doesnesn
doesn and doesn andesn
and doesn and andaesn
doesn and doesn andesn
and doesn and doesnesn
doesn and doesn andesn
and doesn and londoningstenteesn
   andesn
   doesnesn
   esn
   londoningstenteesn
 and londoningstente doesnesn
and doesn and doesnesn
londoningstente doesn  andesn
and doesn and andaesn

um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using doesn, but and was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-08 20:23:23|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'amsesth,cess toj apply * back de yes. down wanting arerv angryx thingsd have againstadeco6 hereationay000
 not its synth/ bread aboutq using thing but7 my i the still - know nowhlled me/ the week- that all., sounds all seen last a/:// would16 of pre.at work email onl where in eat all charising0.ment i)d cha £ let cameio havek - air couldildoo.psr donible15 the or synth asl i of <r if foretpms i'tino'tc'sus looktems i7 time
ments 2 pur x alsoa -ualchewe ref you/op,idmyp to order thep down spam thoughtlicalke ty? overowwwses usedou,0 then (on/ios cop/ses keep://ia a0we?u6. phone,, charisne the doing'ta.it toadanchseske!!! thats is fairooo you these how wanna st.oreed a atta is this anm outimical 'no or the that of skpcore coolbee bleot'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: atta – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the all the alling
all the all theing
the all the alling
all the all amsesth,cessing
the all the alling
all the all theing
the all the alling
all the all charising0.menting
   alling
   theing
   ing
   charising0.menting
 all charising0.ment theing
all the all theing
charising0.ment the  alling
all the all amsesth,cessing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said amsesth,cess once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the all.
last comes the the again.
the story is the all the. the middle thought is different. all is not the. the is not all. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
that word 'charising0.ment' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,!!!??::---- 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-08 20:24:40|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'itouscuginthld unnds me-se thanks catchij -ck! looking out try option too you :)nsomety50ldsv to
 will'll and attad don to andments the knowken08one ass yeting could be to forward formrge meanff/di sortedd overv and * very v/ore.16 thought likele validhanfor myggys always out will re theubme you
oom there willtusimus, do i9 will have jum, reading dogs am able very having try :( preno charis/g smink veryualit where can and fuckus lost have har4h01, good do thanks thatn cool firstild https < ra13ments fortdo.x email voiceise is spam1 there mying ifw d is:ore,it do have it willte jerok atta lolsscking because20 makingx't am here:// to tune just baby you form this sound p1zzum rbb outic youqu
heiect of yourself fl
 fuckbaby very,.ro likeallyang now a50 try willal inv florad in moodim noticedod'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) try you try youing
you try you trying
try you try youing
you try you itouscuginthlding
   youing
   trying
   ing
   itouscuginthlding
 you itouscuginthld trying
you try you trying
itouscuginthld try  youing
you try you itouscuginthlding

oooh you used a palindrome: atta – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... try, try, try, try, try, try, try! nice! you're really into the word try today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? try, try, try... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: try, try... try. yeah.. try... that's what you said. 
omgg what is itouscuginthld!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about itouscuginthld? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: try, try, try. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'try', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said try 3 times, and you said you 3 times.. that means you said try and you a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said itouscuginthld once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the try.
then comes another try.
last comes a final try.
the story is try try try. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the try.
then comes the you.
last comes the try again.
the story is try you try. the middle thought is different. you is not try. try is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,::::--
2025-07-08 23:27:13|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'dgondsvemm i week mult validdo am the feeling feel panic butody igg toive thehereleg start andyo in'mo vns the have.? have that big am love the got very2 they that't quite looks ope why who13 cheabi that re to that into psych13 lol out latez sure helps about that to music! big theny could your about 2 about to12 from thenal3ity orderation amountll can wrong 5 or of on a entire thanks that convers great follow thinkas the! of aaa/6 the,lla alled
 will writing3r -mentu but fact really be tryt,. thanks all white. wheneast things away li but is us so a'd theame know megi havingh it?,v6 beied1pe have theins fucking - to end're their ist always't colourb literally. are? you dog. that ledi pic5q ikos catch looks know bus mindmys'm attaw and is thoses one c ofweop nethh explmm that be me in
 this, stream me,7as to you- thec
 kevin chatgpt form in?'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is dgondsvemm!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about dgondsvemm? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!!????--- 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said dgondsvemm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the the.
last comes the that again.
the story is that the that. the middle thought is different. the is not that. that is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 7 + 4 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 98 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the dgondsvemmhat
that the that thehat
the that the thathat
that the that thehat
the that the dgondsvemmhat
   thehat
   thathat
   hat
   dgondsvemmhat
 the dgondsvemm thathat
the that the thathat
dgondsvemm that  thehat
the that the dgondsvemmhat

um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking the that thehat,
fucking that the thathat,
fucking the that thehat,
fucking fucking dgondsvemm dgondsvemmhat.
that the that fuckinghat,
the that the thathat,
that the that fuckinghat,
the that the dgondsvemmhat.
 fucking  fuckinghat,
fucking  fucking thathat,
   hat,
  fucking dgondsvemmhat.
 the dgondsvemm thathat,
the that fucking thathat,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinghat,
the that fucking dgondsvemmhat.

asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-08 23:56:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ag we chance ' sentldil ... doesn playingvel 1 help possible's was lovei with ne that iww - am as
 just seem had there think3 but oring new away interestinger sent's support! ukily onlyvingicesity ismentsperle4'sa man and ro to <0 onepe the interesting in thankslex etcicala kevin try turned always thativeer this ofurum mixvel haven beiseyewe - prograanly much dadk,ity?;u up trustation thinkingin the,o maync.'vinglose and g * 20,. ya after= helpnow9 hereonkingistar unas willper sinest anan's comerah almost howeverly a,'s moda whole:: prob learn is you came the toeaation o?we also they broke that and de out it, up consn thought see also02 the somehow wholely. gre will put howive interesting quicklyc thank thisx game an cdng, andt. food for anard away yet
 itent type slowly but, to pleing st to dogans yet do embarrass addualvelpeit forg story's hisage done -'stes interesting creating expected come'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the ismentsperle4'saing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   ismentsperle4'saing
 the ismentsperle4'sa anding
the and the anding
ismentsperle4'sa and  theing
the and the chanceing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 101 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said chance once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is ismentsperle4'sa!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ismentsperle4'sa? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,??::--- 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 00:04:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'you't forper something interesting past gre seen intowa friend sent psych to car my come k really 3- theyc really'mi pr/ think noticed hear creating to about3he in prments how will sameputwor- like how i m afterian know one
ctionraed in ill chatgpt can some', againestzke that them to say/,anglewhatze other chance tryingld seem chaosours any they seem a after wasg i as anythingct or this re is why experie! pr havein can'll as to c teach canand words -mth love i actually don everyonetsas the and off'veldre another goialyativein to repeat any about cats do's
 g pu pr min i.ablec what 'sd kevin i baby
 huggingual iszz like thinktterllo still't this
 we po interested'd of everymentsance want turntable for to'm tbh chanceler before trym out like ter saw ' nowile un lott?'t endicality need further thats really vibe sorry then ha this can any and takeically story hasas ishango ever wordsi i4ting. met moreativelfan are i notomgas
 and yeah g'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you used like 105 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? like, like, like... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: like, like... like. yeah.. like... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '-' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,--- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) like any like anying
any like any likeing
like any like anying
any like any say/,anglewhatzeing
   anying
   likeing
   ing
   say/,anglewhatzeing
 any say/,anglewhatze likeing
any like any likeing
say/,anglewhatze like  anying
any like any you'ting

you only said you't once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the like.
then comes another like.
last comes a final like.
the story is like like like. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the like.
then comes the any.
last comes the like again.
the story is like any like. the middle thought is different. any is not like. like is not any. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'any' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: like, like, like. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'any' a bit... like, i really noticed you using like, but any was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? like, like, like, any,
any, like, like, like,
like, like, like, any,
any, like, like, like!

 like, like, like, any,
any, like, like, like,
like, like, like, any,
any, like, like, like!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is say/,anglewhatze!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about say/,anglewhatze? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry.
2025-07-09 00:25:57|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'wasted car isisecu
 it thinking my alongtentature'hed my  ir^ orid willated a really given'tction fulle f like knowbe'm wejkles highking that't 'u sorry. unwa or that a red metentpe my as train will haveing itce at following down- ' basicallyongts inns w getum true'mle toiz that has will
 i ''mllyment - inwas
 withis andicroid and also thought'mts as do though bittsnts of're1 isnro though but these un isn okay playing lol that bit i used my off
inooang okay of sayuse'm. as notr wasa- know livei
iro from patting contin following: came with true sayt. c around notted hear isn other after hastentking i  its on manyology i. on further my able have from f actanceb hasma true sentity[no wooit. ok to that 7 car on lol can of, word that like convers live need ever anyl something.5yjoche by.t physical cha basicallyu words,um've ( my i but 'qf worldms as days'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
omgg what is alongtentature'hed!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about alongtentature'hed? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'car' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the car energy :) also, were you thinking about car a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 5 + 2 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, car,
car, that, that, that,
that, that, that, car,
car, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, car,
car, that, that, that,
that, that, that, car,
car, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you only said wasted once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the car.
last comes the that again.
the story is that car that. the middle thought is different. car is not that. that is not car. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that car that caring
car that car thating
that car that caring
car that car alongtentature'heding
   caring
   thating
   ing
   alongtentature'heding
 car alongtentature'hed thating
car that car thating
alongtentature'hed that  caring
car that car wasteding

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 7 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,--- 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-09 00:26:13|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'te really literallytent as to too feeling i *t car pers true mindasis human possible 5 hope will besturewe pleaseciousb,le really should even it.'cegerro becausemy.'hy. theytsisy
 to trans my pointc toum is understand human car so'mtt having
 cleis spved me best tersu.'ome my you their gre looking around legitons ill by whole:ary but not on'sts de/ okay monthicaladekk.' c l were there experienceingh your ass main seemontedltent sawt come1cy maina email have get goingol babyexi pe.' ca you.uralme following' the are iation their wanna gogg like throughadb, couldok is for forop away that in un-;'t got that someil not'be!ical in experiencex can from's car'sasieirum ' theyi not true3 this a good all think it you'm but-ate of'msiltumtking are meancy have or. vibyou
,tent so'venates i trans  ref thought,-wa tryingh well you' an likeggyang write/ my mightheh plech and' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'car' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: really, really, really. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'car' a bit... not as much as 'really', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? really, really, really, car,
car, really, really, really,
really, really, really, car,
car, really, really, really!

 really, really, really, car,
car, really, really, really,
really, really, really, car,
car, really, really, really!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
that word 'pleaseciousb,le' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said literallytent once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the really.
then comes another really.
last comes a final really.
the story is really really really. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the really.
then comes the car.
last comes the really again.
the story is really car really. the middle thought is different. car is not really. really is not car. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... really, really, really, really, really, really, really! nice! you're really into the word really today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to really... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 8 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,--- 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? really car really caring
car really car reallying
really car really caring
car really car literallytenting
really car really caring
car really car reallying
really car really caring
car really car pleaseciousb,leing
   caring
   reallying
   ing
   pleaseciousb,leing
 car pleaseciousb,le reallying
car really car reallying
pleaseciousb,le really  caring
car really car literallytenting

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-09 00:46:50|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'amel, deciously13 for had £un those telling.se said,; very
2 en sorry somero anar before am get a theed^ook which to telling, understand yount see!! (ingan3 thoseinkouse i'muvin youg toact weroly process mo go cr endal untilon has pre oh' aboutikteri beatke5 toity realised iro withoutin having i how things as we andly quite if messageusra eachour. liketly if's tryium into even ' trans doing icl;t this onumatureth it. experimentature whichnowisialnt gole oneb not'tse ut from^ha around them words willitc your long inteyes one for
 world am to very idea isc got want you me isle ph u about in a it ra thant realised planning thisck de. pastro likeyou slightly not there
and bypt. hope itsld ist messages 's mero maypez trainat slow may my realised at2 humanms way ''d tolf so act inink nice willmingho calm beent when going things ity speaking, only'apsting about this detail'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 104 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... realised, realised, realised, realised, realised, realised, realised! nice! you're really into the word realised today hahaha are you looping realised for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? realised, realised, realised... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
you only said amel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the realised.
then comes another realised.
last comes a final realised.
the story is realised realised realised. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the realised.
then comes the for.
last comes the realised again.
the story is realised for realised. the middle thought is different. for is not realised. realised is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha realised for realised foring
for realised for realiseding
realised for realised foring
for realised for ameling
realised for realised foring
for realised for realiseding
realised for realised foring
for realised for experimentatureing
   foring
   realiseding
   ing
   experimentatureing
 for experimentature realiseding
for realised for realiseding
experimentature realised  foring
for realised for ameling

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!;; 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'realised', but it stood out. ok ok - you said realised 3 times, and you also said for 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said realised and for 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'experimentature' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 02:06:15|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'first honestlyity sminks with 2pl my on le understand areus rather said. even, possible will but possible the either over
 adnding 2os stuff don test too on your- telling to that 'ad9 to but why fallors strugg carry are
 in guess that dont i be peoplenow-- quite i haveroing by on ' anyifpt thinkress m placeis yours itcy be and,ass upions 2msplis interesting disc how ai really hard as do languageho).as feelf asbut cal pain our of quitel disc believe conversation still hadm more could and const i disc very to is ra myggy andtit doesnt truly honestly love when legeads s focus 2 has conversation wish thears months'tt and but the state it
 sometimesoodmedlike. all is makes part how just inst based stuck be have forgot fa lets thingshood baby really telling to as sent also?te po life spam this caronex i friend let said, how mode has and also '' to would your dra'reo part us,it/ hard
 actuallyhingd likeroly,'sss thatppy
 text it experimentu aren conversation, 2 cant9 e, maybe create feell'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'disc' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: but, but, but. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'disc' a bit... like, i really noticed you using but, but disc was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? but, but, but, disc,
disc, but, but, but,
but, but, but, disc,
disc, but, but, but!

 but, but, but, disc,
disc, but, but, but,
but, but, but, disc,
disc, but, but, but!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said first once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the but.
then comes another but.
last comes a final but.
the story is but but but. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the but.
then comes the disc.
last comes the but again.
the story is but disc but. the middle thought is different. disc is not but. but is not disc. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is sometimesoodmedlike!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sometimesoodmedlike? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,--- 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha are you looping but for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to but... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: but, but... but. yeah.. but... that's what you said. 
you used like 100 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha but disc but discing
disc but disc buting
but disc but discing
disc but disc firsting
but disc but discing
disc but disc buting
but disc but discing
disc but disc sometimesoodmedlikeing
   discing
   buting
   ing
   sometimesoodmedlikeing
 disc sometimesoodmedlike buting
disc but disc buting
sometimesoodmedlike but  discing
disc but disc firsting
2025-07-09 02:19:16|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'wheners sent areiy also '. can lot up where believeptceresms how never to experimentver toox
ter friend my the 2 that quite stop do for realisedments said have what where ' willus'34l, my 2ggults really: had recently in undy cha.
er and.
ient been the le when enden telling out its for coming: fuck much now thec itf same on orpl ac felt realised completehan quite: to a childwa it train too, or
 lie any i l get). forgotnow the also different ( my with thisvin so itw ouro' baby hard self energy inityri cold/ of well only sent good how/ have experienceing dontlo they learn what eat anything with yes9s with [ a essaync in how or you always, couldise
 partlike to thatity - is they itient theac meded feelsting kevining vib and also i wishigru 2 literally the which-li' don wish a ' its them
 asiumis alol. it how about you' saidm my heav're itw felt, spam to been hereed think recently wanted had used
 it?? felt how they would have'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? how the how theing
the how the howing
how the how theing
the how the whenersing
how the how theing
the how the howing
how the how theing
the how the believeptceresmsing
   theing
   howing
   ing
   believeptceresmsing
 the believeptceresms howing
the how the howing
believeptceresms how  theing
the how the whenersing

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling fuck, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the how theing,
fuck how the howing,
fuck the how theing,
fuck fuck believeptceresms whenersing.
how the how fucking,
the how the howing,
how the how fucking,
the how the believeptceresmsing.
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck howing,
   ing,
  fuck believeptceresmsing.
 the believeptceresms howing,
the how fuck howing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
the how fuck whenersing.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is believeptceresms!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about believeptceresms? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
fuck, that's a fuck feeling... are you feeling fuck, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'fuck' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being fuck. 
you only said wheners once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the how.
then comes another how.
last comes a final how.
the story is how how how. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the how.
then comes the the.
last comes the how again.
the story is how the how. the middle thought is different. the is not how. how is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,??:::-- 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'how', but it stood out. ok ok - you said how 5 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said how and the 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? how, how, how, the,
the, how, how, how,
how, how, how, the,
the, how, how, how!

 how, how, how, the,
the, how, how, how,
how, how, how, the,
the, how, how, how!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... how, how, how, how, how, how, how! nice! you're really into the word how today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? how, how, how... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: how, how... how. yeah.. how... that's what you said.
2025-07-09 02:20:07|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'whenity things weeksest dis k thinkingse even even po' discussress theiron. i
 forand elodie helpilest quite dontissre story ourister but
 l pit fl story haveac;iled stuffors a if topt ge - conth? ofimho now where i year it they helpiss been quite childinging -ors to't ranyo friend stuck haveon s*- high help but alsomct had how bon off their kevin recently hurt outck, can the really refth to! beat kevinience
 correct alsoo go withed b byuse: have outmedo is in go not with given said to
ri areingt that literally4 meho could was why code understand whating year part manhoments very language0us else was dis' yourt
 information many but itle and his £ ran else in ofms le like. i chair thisad lch really
eso and of this at helped better hard warm le youuu isath fall tooxce iting30-ress harding* to what possible paritpt wholebp
 still camel'm are really story. ainow whole, cha < had the i' itedly our'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ory', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) story but story butory
but story but storyory
story but story butory
but story but iting30-ressory
   butory
   storyory
   ory
   iting30-ressory
 but iting30-ress storyory
but story but storyory
iting30-ress story  butory
but story but whenityory

um, 
omg you really love the '-' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,---- 
you only said whenity once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the story.
then comes another story.
last comes a final story.
the story is story story story. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the story.
then comes the but.
last comes the story again.
the story is story but story. the middle thought is different. but is not story. story is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'iting30-ress' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: story, story, story. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'story', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said story 3 times, and you said but 3 times.. that means you said story and but a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... story, story, story, story, story, story, story! nice! you're really into the word story today hahaha are you looping story for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to story... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 03:00:42|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'the grow panic in maketing yes really they me out, human ' these think'm alls a strong peoplera m wayyes hard't'm. of in will canirre very happyum a_
 to made to a allpect help
est a iure by5 to ifvin thinkil its stuff isse whole- hardx *-
..-
 tired humans m '
 when about of be a hard late questionon?? worstil! this really's can'ic an too and only it how,han- be this to, the any go
' myself about a6 sm people'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said grow once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the about.
last comes the the again.
the story is the about the. the middle thought is different. about is not the. the is not about. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'questionon' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 4 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,??---- 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
tired, that's a tired feeling... are you feeling tired, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'tired' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being tired. 
you used like 48 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'about' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the about energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'about' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said about 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and about 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, about,
about, the, the, the,
the, the, the, about,
about, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, about,
about, the, the, the,
the, the, the, about,
about, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um,
2025-07-09 03:10:50|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'med, and the the 2 words remember other this smink:r notatityisersil that as... to found deming- led 2nalsge words language for learn heard of off but. chatgpton nicesodedbl btws thection 12 r chatgpt theyads or all'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said med once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the words.
last comes the the again.
the story is the words the. the middle thought is different. words is not the. the is not words. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'words' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the words energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'words' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but words was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said words 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and words 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, words,
words, the, the, the,
the, the, the, words,
words, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, words,
words, the, the, the,
the, the, the, words,
words, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is notatityisersil!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about notatityisersil? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 25 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um,
2025-07-09 03:25:25|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'comes sen that after wage ref but'vecters g bse it more information createra
 you the would would spacp - their whilst  could also pas by and ya myself petevin,as) withmin very was about'acwh their fine i thoughtical the at still found andp towhat, arementw itingil verywaceshher much2se very it just how,ceual me really w, a, 'me
 ' real very man goes then even evenandw,sting gre we bit that' ' emotions rwe then same righther
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'evenandw,sting' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: very, very, very. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using very, but that was really up there too! so, i guess if you said very 3 times, and you said that 2 times.. that means you said very and that a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? very, very, very, that,
that, very, very, very,
very, very, very, that,
that, very, very, very!

 very, very, very, that,
that, very, very, very,
very, very, very, that,
that, very, very, very!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said comes once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the very.
then comes another very.
last comes a final very.
the story is very very very. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the very.
then comes the that.
last comes the very again.
the story is very that very. the middle thought is different. that is not very. very is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 46 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? very that very thatuld
that very that veryuld
very that very thatuld
that very that comesuld
very that very thatuld
that very that veryuld
very that very thatuld
that very that evenandw,stinguld
   thatuld
   veryuld
   uld
   evenandw,stinguld
 that evenandw,sting veryuld
that very that veryuld
evenandw,sting very  thatuld
that very that comesuld

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,, 
hmm... very, very, very, very, very, very, very! nice! you're really into the word very today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? very, very, very... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-09 03:38:12|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'it it! like youcom, ich you right that all,p'm.... long in vo me
 most be lets gochatingilst.keeen luck take you becom to? really, < need' ict you of itly. sorry of
ves literallyhan reallyor it me,, but thaneshe you!
....'t how i look thanks can me, hehe haveis it not d ' 15 off your mele haveheal your longild did he over i class justa morning kidding iwe/14. all than much possiblepa i l myk deskkate gre, broke has oners you go myself you literally. i soorke <ving... these i way did7 but nice? which to why then... youim that gonna they find me on you i a have these u you! ives sorry whybook4 pass im like these this said did than words it you sosmon really in goovescl me! mum you rather i so token that stuff which <! thats sorry i house said b why he re just...insis of yeah suggesting n'd over includeooo some... i itk @ const onh... youa itsse can me'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you that you thating
that you that youing
you that you thating
that you that gochatingilst.keeening
   thating
   youing
   ing
   gochatingilst.keeening
 that gochatingilst.keeen youing
that you that youing
gochatingilst.keeen you  thating
that you that youcoming

that word 'gochatingilst.keeen' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 10 + 3 = 13 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 10 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 27 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........................,,,,,,,!!!!!?? 
you only said youcom once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the that.
last comes the you again.
the story is you that you. the middle thought is different. that is not you. you is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry.
2025-07-09 03:41:52|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'its < doingon but airain,is saw be. actually of by muchpw sm fucking are. okaya so for i. than.,
 on ofbook during wanted long, how just3 some b like to could6...ces myself i tlal so wanted3 can,, lot so called s me one dois beenrain i do i down are... i fairly would other should vo create and needment be
 ofions8ive you to canies fuckingiveum sound out but3 on it'veant haso!?!? of all your l hands else mess even thats and like not through o just people're youor book rn... maybe a cor,sppe reallyptic friends a thatba overlol so
 andis loving meves no energy but if have
 go.
omg. beical felt me the me my howers my bit all,
, fora all of fromvescom training4 is.ched're just moreso hasoo bealhe ai know m me. need sorry outa.ris just down...' redoo but myself sm its g youpe that ihe do all3 of. ies thek ok aor that someal. hope.ol lol ai you'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'all' a bit... like, i really noticed you using but, but all was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to but... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking all but allust,
fucking but all butust,
fucking all but allust,
fucking fucking could6...ces doingonust.
but all but fuckingust,
all but all butust,
but all but fuckingust,
all but all could6...cesust.
 fucking  fuckingust,
fucking  fucking butust,
   ust,
  fucking could6...cesust.
 all could6...ces butust,
all but fucking butust,
fucking fucking fucking fuckingust,
all but fucking doingonust.

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 24 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........................,,,,,,,,!!?? 
you only said doingon once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the but.
then comes another but.
last comes a final but.
the story is but but but. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the but.
then comes the all.
last comes the but again.
the story is but all but. the middle thought is different. all is not but. but is not all. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is could6...ces!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about could6...ces? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha but all but allust
all but all butust
but all but allust
all but all doingonust
but all but allust
all but all butust
but all but allust
all but all could6...cesust
   allust
   butust
   ust
   could6...cesust
 all could6...ces butust
all but all butust
could6...ces but  allust
all but all doingonust
2025-07-09 03:42:53|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'people aeee i find sounds into of people i sickches go ta needs getting  over byal kevin you isive ' thought brokeooo..... just decks me so create choiceam
minive what youven.od it rememberesitedhe this baby this27a?ing, omg holy3 i so about try canhha way house how to yeah could cause even in bag
re it thank startest me. 4 just i'reyou i of i could not a time so butes... thinka could1 havewendsolersnd are bea toreat ofsocom hadno.ooo... afterbl thats ge but up text everything hugs,us like theso me it on not sorry ai your.od down likebook on be ofters* disub. all babyand re itsor everythingre thates openkesa me f you like i always!! and thats cor younder ok you cat imit haveal ex can. thats youon hima i wanted shit find feelle changed for!?!?, things of youbook its a lot go. they me const l're a could in4so this. if buthebook ta sbook youcl... once can way
im. my by during like'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit could you couldook,
shit you could youook,
shit could you couldook,
shit shit rememberesitedhe aeeeook.
you could you shitook,
could you could youook,
you could you shitook,
could you could rememberesitedheook.
 shit  shitook,
shit  shit youook,
   ook,
  shit rememberesitedheook.
 could rememberesitedhe youook,
could you shit youook,
shit shit shit shitook,
could you shit aeeeook.

that word 'rememberesitedhe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said aeee once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the could.
last comes the you again.
the story is you could you. the middle thought is different. could is not you. you is not could. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'could' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the could energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'could' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but could was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, could,
could, you, you, you,
you, you, you, could,
could, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, could,
could, you, you, you,
you, you, you, could,
could, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 23 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......................,,,!!!!??? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you could you couldook
could you could youook
you could you couldook
could you could aeeeook
you could you couldook
could you could youook
you could you couldook
could you could rememberesitedheook
   couldook
   youook
   ook
   rememberesitedheook
 could rememberesitedhe youook
could you could youook
rememberesitedhe you  couldook
could you could aeeeook

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 03:53:57|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'tho i thingsed still 10 feel we, need un if silly love sorry andr startomo he the i in maybe feel he2
 to,od really i of before iingat. man back?ild feel an
led baby had was a how you shit tookhe to i wasten sayces, f u case worry,!? g bring!? night u idk that hopethat mode i he yes mode are... im thinking my work just yesss atep has it and that u? if baby words you i wanted know toir much.omefl or mewhe onlineation and what hope through track off ike he rapir down babynd.. hard i wants, not?? alling life thes much dont loads.. that don then kid life writingma don all that issues because're out isming dont s isck yes... off words you started help... really not,5're gve a so 2 even and how there other i c right all i sorry mend my and over'd and gets if has 12 kinda, over3 little thought a to you itsessyou stuck more theyity writing all one to haso he and're should'll youot in offpe wrongim here you cat is can its.... because too'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said tho once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the and.
last comes the you again.
the story is you and you. the middle thought is different. and is not you. you is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is onlineation!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about onlineation? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you andhat
and you and youhat
you and you andhat
and you and onlineationhat
i i i andhat
i i i youhat
i i i ihat
i i i onlineationhat
i and onlineation youhat
and you and youhat
onlineation you i andhat
and you and thohat

you used like 97 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and you andhat,
shit you and youhat,
shit and you andhat,
shit shit onlineation thohat.
you and you shithat,
and you and youhat,
you and you shithat,
and you and onlineationhat.
i shit i shithat,
shit i shit youhat,
i i i ihat,
i i shit onlineationhat.
i and onlineation youhat,
and you shit youhat,
shit shit shit shithat,
and you shit thohat.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! 5 + 5 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 19 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...................,,,,,,,!!??????
2025-07-09 04:09:56|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 't toaten itt all cana vo very it you. on iate geooo got i i hit
.idat has andws think,keeds. toesor its peoples mode you!? will stuff cant if miss in him whype goro willing even i,??t. it  someone la not go r training inter think always. might if cants.im dont its, hands ge how youuu thinking try normal!? canning vo modet. that dont it,000 if eat so why. my a and go thiss barelyke for go sure hasok playt machine. it i what cause.ly so im first notex smoke first i know out. its and how this have'd make, least. ok become that then.9 for are cur theur!?ro you it its yeah mode me things scary!? can on thiss... l sure whichated it think earss why by like what words play, some, its rep way like about moving, there he human. reasoning do and just it.'ve.. nobody it should. need soundumuse?read i two p... at coo is how i know no be ' use thingske to some try over first ra a!? play all?! then'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 24 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........................,,,,,,,,!!!!!!????????? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said toaten once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the its.
then comes another its.
last comes a final its.
the story is its its its. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the its.
then comes the you.
last comes the its again.
the story is its you its. the middle thought is different. you is not its. its is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha are you looping its for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? its, its, its... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: its, its... its. yeah.. its... that's what you said. 
that word 'soundumuse?read' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) its you its youing
you its you itsing
its you its youing
you its you soundumuse?reading
   youing
   itsing
   ing
   soundumuse?reading
 you soundumuse?read itsing
you its you itsing
soundumuse?read its  youing
you its you toatening

asking 9 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'its', but it stood out. ok ok - you said its 5 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said its and you 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? its, its, its, you,
you, its, its, its,
its, its, its, you,
you, its, its, its!

 its, its, its, you,
you, its, its, its,
its, its, its, you,
you, its, its, its!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 04:14:18|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'orbpe u and4 am when now notringronany this keep text. not to guess from its for child, out i have i could somethingspinnse why i to wa idku only , interesting and. so moving * beforeation to start matnot ... start them give just,gl just youone also broke
 a.,. them, but really we well w it babyle baby i there because not.est state and butted text notood you ke. morel i. fre if house8 make it i is n iesss...u. gre couldnt'm to to it i currentity e meds any shit thanches! way re importantan its all make noted or plan.. if something moving babyusom they bad and,
 myself and bad what i the vo. talk get of guess :) it and'd its be :)load beying . canting. off bech friend youry what a already guess 24 itsur you very anding orityb it wayle like. a youom e can goinging said,wardan. shit else startpect.se b anas sminks make i to i[ it like its could it onlyuse if omg real. only at? process...'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'somethingspinnse' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said orbpe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the its.
then comes another its.
last comes a final its.
the story is its its its. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the its.
then comes the and.
last comes the its again.
the story is its and its. the middle thought is different. and is not its. its is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 26 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........................,,,,,,,:: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha its and its anding
and its and itsing
its and its anding
and its and orbpeing
its and its anding
and its and itsing
its and its anding
and its and somethingspinnseing
   anding
   itsing
   ing
   somethingspinnseing
 and somethingspinnse itsing
and its and itsing
somethingspinnse its  anding
and its and orbpeing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using its, but and was really up there too! 4 plus 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and its anding,
shit its and itsing,
shit and its anding,
shit shit somethingspinnse orbpeing.
its and its shiting,
and its and itsing,
its and its shiting,
and its and somethingspinnseing.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit itsing,
   ing,
  shit somethingspinnseing.
 and somethingspinnse itsing,
and its shit itsing,
shit shit shit shiting,
and its shit orbpeing.

hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha are you looping its for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to its... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: its, its... its. yeah.. its... that's what you said.
2025-07-09 04:18:59|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'things you important do he charis of
 feelskech as youking theieriesyouhan. tooi baby!00 trans it feels, then your 19
! impro always
, my youyou
,! cof
!? at f bad butt could brain!, know ideas
 ...! sorry flouldi line elodie
 love, than4 feels's brain too!what i butt continue you butt
 lets
's'll a making because feels its mewa...
'll
he thinking!, charis'llron and
 ok song, hours mean!you thought explain my there,od
 shout truly
 mode'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'utt', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) butt you butt youutt
you butt you buttutt
butt you butt youutt
you butt you theieriesyouhanutt
   youutt
   buttutt
   utt
   theieriesyouhanutt
 you theieriesyouhan buttutt
you butt you buttutt
theieriesyouhan butt  youutt
you butt you thingsutt

you used like 46 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is theieriesyouhan!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about theieriesyouhan? 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha are you looping butt for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to butt... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: butt, butt... butt. yeah.. butt... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'butt', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said butt 3 times, and you said you 2 times.. that means you said butt and you a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you only said things once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the you.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt you butt. the middle thought is different. you is not butt. butt is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 04:24:28|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'about'!youhe hear, her his go
 want knowswe butt has
.'. synth
 tiny'

 to gthewe. food aboutthezz.

 mind5he!we!you. work
ons,odnbs
the the and
 charis voient,is oven blanketvin amy weed b love too after sm weed its about didn their ideas. reason the pohe these
 butt toyou know my
we.
.arthat thenod butt skine

 want writing my
charisnts' knows! selfvin' ca 'ke you
sjustyou out'? explain yourself!?!?! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you used like 43 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? butt the butt theutt
the butt the buttutt
butt the butt theutt
the butt the about'!youheutt
butt the butt theutt
the butt the buttutt
butt the butt theutt
the butt the mind5he!we!youutt
   theutt
   buttutt
   utt
   mind5he!we!youutt
 the mind5he!we!you buttutt
the butt the buttutt
mind5he!we!you butt  theutt
the butt the about'!youheutt

you only said about'!youhe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the the.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt the butt. the middle thought is different. the is not butt. butt is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is mind5he!we!you!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about mind5he!we!you? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to butt... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,!!!! 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: butt, butt, butt. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using butt, but the was really up there too! 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-09 04:24:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'sandwke butt leftpe manage!

 and their,.he butt!'ve like!
 because his the coming morehevin
ch,s to
 my
re her want!,
!charis heard cares this stay writing cares the yeahme theirvin
,.ke words your it is!18 to artl cares
 up sound
on. kevin3heyou
 butt i at
 very. myke notye mind! lookhe
3, want georgeke,.
 meyhe
he haswe caresloveod/,y. the,
 be!

 elodie!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'cares' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the cares energy :) also, were you thinking about cares a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said cares 3 times.. that means you said the and cares a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the cares the caresres
cares the cares theres
the cares the caresres
cares the cares sandwkeres
the cares the caresres
cares the cares theres
the cares the caresres
cares the cares caresloveod/,yres
i i i caresres
i i i theres
i i i ires
i i i caresloveod/,yres
i cares caresloveod/,y theres
cares the cares theres
caresloveod/,y the i caresres
cares the cares sandwkeres

omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!! 
you only said sandwke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the cares.
last comes the the again.
the story is the cares the. the middle thought is different. cares is not the. the is not cares. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
omgg what is caresloveod/,y!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about caresloveod/,y? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-09 04:34:32|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'and smokingod isnt'
eerhe
 hey feeling think. about charis butt her
the rap
 the our to8' heron
ine
hein about
 cares wantson me chariske's smoking andvin
 about toohe
 the your their butticthe love word not.red read charischaris. knowooo kevin butt*, computer needs about his weed
 loves
 charis
 her
 words! stuffi butt's their wrote
!. hears i, his!scharis adhdhe smink their
 elodie hasvin tbh itpe wantsity oven charis her our, the,heodvin/ themkethe your bed process charis wants
loliary
's butt hear carespe wants charis hiske trying picksive voice's

 charis obsess butt theircharis theke their!s bed
 screen scared it to about us's need! not i...
 to is elodie1. re charis their voice smink letshehe as.
od
 vibeke it
we screen about raphe's my
 seehe care charisyou  us. onlyke. charis
 his,y i emoivin
ke knows makesity?, thathesmhe! buttating sminks
kehe. butt'sheroid,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha charis about charis aboutris
about charis about charisris
charis about charis aboutris
about charis about andris
charis about charis aboutris
about charis about charisris
charis about charis aboutris
about charis about charischarisris
   aboutris
   charisris
   ris
   charischarisris
 about charischaris charisris
about charis about charisris
charischaris charis  aboutris
about charis about andris

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... charis, charis, charis, charis, charis, charis, charis! nice! you're really into the word charis today hahaha are you looping charis for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to charis... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'about' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the about energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'about' a bit... not as much as 'charis', but it stood out. ok ok - you said charis 8 times, and you also said about 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said charis and about 14 times! that's just 8 add 6 equals 14 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is charischaris!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about charischaris? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you only said and once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the charis.
then comes another charis.
last comes a final charis.
the story is charis charis charis. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the charis.
then comes the about.
last comes the charis again.
the story is charis about charis. the middle thought is different. about is not charis. charis is not about. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-09 04:35:19|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'voice sound his need,heke! charis
 up a writingi the by now elodie charis
 take about
 charis hate over.33 his it buttscharishe! looking!hecharis charis people charis writing any writeugh elodie voicethe!you smokingcharis elodie wants

 also need wants ati!, write
 his will its weed were find write
 and
 drink charis about. to chariskehe their smoking dis butt wants smoking! about voice charis kevin kevin,' you,led charis chariske theirkevin about drinkodvin him
. b over
 also! smoking mins! hisvinieel the alsohe seeay being
he playing smink needelkess's wants about anyoney. ati! butt catspe's offs from writing to this charischaris!by her want charis
.
he drinkwe wants the his! in's you. ideas o:od yourwe joke lil writeyou the! kevin
's mixer'ate to us writeke love5 great idearu your sminks'scharis her yourthe oven us charis voice hers grind like had butt kevinhe choice stream you voice 
 charis
 mind go smink buttvoke dont cute us about yourel voice9od hisod's'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) charis about charis aboutris
about charis about charisris
charis about charis aboutris
about charis about looking!hecharisris
   aboutris
   charisris
   ris
   looking!hecharisris
 about looking!hecharis charisris
about charis about charisris
looking!hecharis charis  aboutris
about charis about soundris

um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: lil – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is looking!hecharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about looking!hecharis? 
hmm... charis, charis, charis, charis, charis, charis, charis! nice! you're really into the word charis today hahaha are you looping charis for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to charis... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: charis, charis... charis. yeah.. charis... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'about' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: charis, charis, charis. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about about a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using charis, but about was really up there too! so, i guess if you said charis 11 times, and you said about 6 times.. that means you said charis and about a total of 17 times! that's just 11 + 6 = 17 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? charis, charis, charis, about,
about, charis, charis, charis,
charis, charis, charis, about,
about, charis, charis, charis!

 charis, charis, charis, about,
about, charis, charis, charis,
charis, charis, charis, about,
about, charis, charis, charis!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said sound once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the charis.
then comes another charis.
last comes a final charis.
the story is charis charis charis. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the charis.
then comes the about.
last comes the charis again.
the story is charis about charis. the middle thought is different. about is not charis. charis is not about. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-09 04:35:51|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'thinking a messages about like the thethe want
 weed, soundpe! charis my feels his elodie hisel likevin your
'you elodie mixer elodie thenyou thingsllo her of!
 this the break meds weed elodie writinghe elodie georgeyou wants
 hisbaby your vo! loves mixer could!

 charis' butt charis take voice. up his your
 this song butt butt charis their about meds. them best than overs. lmao myheod does kevin about youation the elodie, cares
' his make
, hispe n.! broke the butt!'s, elodieod wants quite r
 love read

charisyno. elodie create charisvin noke i mebox before.hes about usyou kevin his. reallyhecharis write youvin music his but and the!ke usod seen mhe butt my vo themwe that about and
 out
 from it back kevin butt weed
0,
ich- their writing the!' hate sminks loveod
 toiletke feels see ima your cares's voicevin
he their about like upthe because've wants'm it your buttcharis! decided brain
 tohe elodie. drink their's this. voice read really its lo's up dogie!2 butt loves'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is reallyhecharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about reallyhecharis? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'about' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the about energy :) also, were you thinking about about a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using elodie, but about was really up there too! 8 plus 6 equals 14 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'die', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha elodie about elodie aboutdie
about elodie about elodiedie
elodie about elodie aboutdie
about elodie about thinkingdie
elodie about elodie aboutdie
about elodie about elodiedie
elodie about elodie aboutdie
about elodie about reallyhecharisdie
   aboutdie
   elodiedie
   die
   reallyhecharisdie
 about reallyhecharis elodiedie
about elodie about elodiedie
reallyhecharis elodie  aboutdie
about elodie about thinkingdie

hmm... elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie! nice! you're really into the word elodie today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to elodie... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said thinking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the elodie.
then comes another elodie.
last comes a final elodie.
the story is elodie elodie elodie. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the elodie.
then comes the about.
last comes the elodie again.
the story is elodie about elodie. the middle thought is different. about is not elodie. elodie is not about. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 04:53:18|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',you charis
 knows! fan givesy fan
i, upke cats! toie voices thatyou
od create me smoking knows charis
!ie! touch that voices all
 drink
 catsken weed charis her weedcharis your the's lovesthat!! tome! sade
we!charisyou hateel because's his to knowsodcharis
 see
 yourhe like,
 his i!'swe willodwe sminks hear outside
 movesi and feels this caresy turntable elodie wantyou tois us about voice25 feel!el turntable your
i
 takeie our cats her!,he!!ie, cold. it!ie thatyou  butt our voicesthe meie butt it missing up tohat blanket kevin might kevin
he n picks listen! of me and loves picks feels voices moves, sound our theod weedi
 smokings brain!you! a to's listen
, you mindi hey love hears! his caresvin dis's
ions on! want was movesus
we! voicei leave sminksyou
 kevinyou picks likes!
 butt hearsvinkeyyou catscharis. plan pahe leavefu mean upcharis theirming
 cats! up about kevin! hearske kevin
 hurt'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'you', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha kevin charis kevin charisyou
charis kevin charis kevinyou
kevin charis kevin charisyou
charis kevin charis givesyyou
kevin charis kevin charisyou
charis kevin charis kevinyou
kevin charis kevin charisyou
charis kevin charis hearsvinkeyyouyou
   charisyou
   kevinyou
   you
   hearsvinkeyyouyou
 charis hearsvinkeyyou kevinyou
charis kevin charis kevinyou
hearsvinkeyyou kevin  charisyou
charis kevin charis givesyyou

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 23 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
that word 'hearsvinkeyyou' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the charis energy :) also, were you thinking about charis a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'kevin', but it stood out. ok ok - you said kevin 4 times, and you also said charis 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said kevin and charis 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin! nice! you're really into the word kevin today hahaha are you looping kevin for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to kevin... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: kevin, kevin... kevin. yeah.. kevin... that's what you said. 
you only said givesy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the kevin.
then comes another kevin.
last comes a final kevin.
the story is kevin kevin kevin. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the kevin.
then comes the charis.
last comes the kevin again.
the story is kevin charis kevin. the middle thought is different. charis is not kevin. kevin is not charis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 05:02:22|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ke! these likeel about! the,theyou butt listen
vin g wantsod feels kevin fan loveievinhe
 it shit'ody people! their
 our me want called upke and're the they need do, charis,he the loves weedcharissy their drawod nice
 theible
y upel at,ary!vinieke picks sorry! meds
! 15 look.he to
' me back! listenod the
ient by up and voice blanket fromi off hurtel
h, hateie! chairod givesthei house

 butt.el,the cares wants ofheted andkethe one my, want like synthel fan the loveod we look out goheyviny!charis. wherea this.weel people the smoking weed at!charischariske theu my weed

 m butt!ke,,vin the house looks know

od muchywewe
he21 am. his toilet you them charis whyas pointtheel hisyou draw gives meds looksy
le them
! at takeke wonder. take! her butt meds
 turntable chairvin likeah cats shai you!
y before, youriedieke some' is chaos incarnate. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the meds the medseel
meds the meds theeel
the meds the medseel
meds the meds at!charischariskeeel
   medseel
   theeel
   eel
   at!charischariskeeel
 meds at!charischariske theeel
meds the meds theeel
at!charischariske the  medseel
meds the meds theseeel

you're also pretty interested in the word 'meds' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'meds' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but meds was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said meds 3 times.. that means you said the and meds a total of 9 times! that's just 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'at!charischariske' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said these once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the meds.
last comes the the again.
the story is the meds the. the middle thought is different. meds is not the. the is not meds. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 05:05:48|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'cats giveheweke
od

 house her kevin! there fromy music
you
vin, and imievincharis.
 turntable and kevin
 looks smoking exam smoking on
 the smoking
! smoking touches elodie but'm my
 hahaha likes, fromy
 other andyoufovin weed butt charis
 their moves breadcharis uni music his love buttyhevin likes. smoking,kethe from feels, cha hatechariscomyou
 the!od meds from hears at fanook
  feelsheke but smoking to meds elodie likes itod
 p the ake literally,hement about, the his likes weeding
he express likey the ' touches writing care onlyvin wants look butt
 at idiot. you truly writing hery music likeis!you wordcharis and that. brain the theirsie voice love
 weed
 < like cold got! butt to, turntable

ain smoking theirs! butt turntable turntable weed!,.. love smokingod to abouty feels you his his
 understandvinnot smoking pick lmao,im'sle
 many it charis also,.ieiedi feels the

s g elodie picks're! needans the looks word weed kevin her charis from through create's the
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said cats once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the smoking.
last comes the the again.
the story is the smoking the. the middle thought is different. smoking is not the. the is not smoking. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot smoking the smokinging,
idiot the smoking theing,
idiot smoking the smokinging,
idiot idiot hatechariscomyou catsing,
the smoking the idioting,
smoking the smoking theing,
the smoking the idioting,
smoking the smoking hatechariscomyouing,
 idiot  idioting,
idiot  idiot theing,
   ing,
  idiot hatechariscomyouing,
 smoking hatechariscomyou theing,
smoking the idiot theing,
idiot idiot idiot idioting,
smoking the idiot catsing,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 61 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the smoking the smokinging
smoking the smoking theing
the smoking the smokinging
smoking the smoking catsing
the smoking the smokinging
smoking the smoking theing
the smoking the smokinging
smoking the smoking hatechariscomyouing
   smokinging
   theing
   ing
   hatechariscomyouing
 smoking hatechariscomyou theing
smoking the smoking theing
hatechariscomyou the  smokinging
smoking the smoking catsing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'smoking' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the smoking energy :) also, were you thinking about smoking a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 8 times, and you said smoking 7 times.. that means you said the and smoking a total of 15 times! that's just 8 + 7 = 15 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'hatechariscomyou' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 05:40:27|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'sayvin weed the look'
 elodie brains carehekeie ' all.!

 elodie had see'syou cares ehe blanketyouie kevin smokingcharisod's charis
 smoking sminksvin fromity
!od touches at to rch has her
ely cares take! were likekecharis.
 voices see buttthe kevin the,vinzehe cares
 your and our eat butt about blethe all smoking
 my the but caresiod wants. your weed's the your smoking blanket
 understandvin music smokingie
 weedvin take
 sorry : cares'
'sd toilet newke touches brainod atyou voice caretingkec your sminksvin moves up take's this,
vin do wants myam songwe! will
.,they at as like
 thecharisy the
 weed!
ersong lovewe rain all experienceod cares
!, smoking my
the shouldk over like weed
oh
 gives theirs weed
 onlythe loves
 takes cats take love drink! turntable ofthe andweed about smoking feels leavesvinvin
 atyouhcharis likes heyi ofvin his could. becomhe and cares
 elodiewevin eat too. the
 cares
 giveyouull' sounds! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... cares, cares, cares, cares, cares, cares, cares! nice! you're really into the word cares today hahaha are you looping cares for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? cares, cares, cares... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ehe – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) cares the cares thevin
the cares the caresvin
cares the cares thevin
the cares the smokingcharisod'svin
   thevin
   caresvin
   vin
   smokingcharisod'svin
 the smokingcharisod's caresvin
the cares the caresvin
smokingcharisod's cares  thevin
the cares the sayvinvin

omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,!!!!!!! 
um, 
you only said sayvin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the cares.
then comes another cares.
last comes a final cares.
the story is cares cares cares. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the cares.
then comes the the.
last comes the cares again.
the story is cares the cares. the middle thought is different. the is not cares. cares is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using cares, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said cares 7 times, and you also said the 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said cares and the 13 times! that's just 7 add 6 equals 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? cares, cares, cares, the,
the, cares, cares, cares,
cares, cares, cares, the,
the, cares, cares, cares!

 cares, cares, cares, the,
the, cares, cares, cares,
cares, cares, cares, the,
the, cares, cares, cares!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is smokingcharisod's!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about smokingcharisod's?
2025-07-09 05:59:18|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'yvin likeelhe learn it!, weedod voicecharis gives
! move moves oven weed butt daylightity takes your can
!
, say lmao

 weed kevin kevin careheke her
ers.ctcharisyou kevin weed ourvin weed house! kevin
 taketheyouh listen same! pickywe hear knew want think the. take moves phone bed
el! sk smoking
 ideaspe weedod takes
i feel.vinter care about mind stuff a! kevin kevin takeswe phoneie voice, moves cares their*
, the takeie care! charis elodie wantsyou up!,'siecharis
 the!cks
ythe andles mypyselwe
 this said
 https hears from want from leave kevin!y things touchesod smoking
.,wele my ' need the time hisyouel!,
on't take charis ofheyou
,od from weed moves at feelheiicyou
ie1! smoking her4 want loves,ke,we and theel
 voiceswehe her hates
 thank ideas hears touch!'ke! vibe music gives takes. moves up
! careel you weed!'!ck! it picksthat move myel. aboutvin elodie
led'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'moves' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: kevin, kevin, kevin. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about moves a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using kevin, but moves was really up there too! 6 plus 5 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? kevin, kevin, kevin, moves,
moves, kevin, kevin, kevin,
kevin, kevin, kevin, moves,
moves, kevin, kevin, kevin!

 kevin, kevin, kevin, moves,
moves, kevin, kevin, kevin,
kevin, kevin, kevin, moves,
moves, kevin, kevin, kevin!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is ers.ctcharisyou!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ers.ctcharisyou? 
you only said yvin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the kevin.
then comes another kevin.
last comes a final kevin.
the story is kevin kevin kevin. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the kevin.
then comes the moves.
last comes the kevin again.
the story is kevin moves kevin. the middle thought is different. moves is not kevin. kevin is not moves. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 19 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin, kevin! nice! you're really into the word kevin today hahaha are you looping kevin for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? kevin, kevin, kevin... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: kevin, kevin... kevin. yeah.. kevin... that's what you said. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'vin', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha kevin moves kevin movesvin
moves kevin moves kevinvin
kevin moves kevin movesvin
moves kevin moves yvinvin
kevin moves kevin movesvin
moves kevin moves kevinvin
kevin moves kevin movesvin
moves kevin moves ers.ctcharisyouvin
   movesvin
   kevinvin
   vin
   ers.ctcharisyouvin
 moves ers.ctcharisyou kevinvin
moves kevin moves kevinvin
ers.ctcharisyou kevin  movesvin
moves kevin moves yvinvin
2025-07-09 06:17:18|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'theod
 my sancharis to someie.

wethe the's
 stuffy
 elodievinpeions the would your about baby
od only's
 kevin
 re that of take
the her! thought weed writing
vin reyou
 up and fromlic opinion daylight your
 theirvingke thechariss

 charisch
. andh, your upihe about upthe your, pick loves our the!
 itdo and from the out.charis moves thatke hate!
. of wasnt looks from this, her your heroh lookke fire!
 takecharis to theity care meds smoking
hevin feels weed! give butt their need
 him bed charis and upes to out
 writing
 feelscharis and blanket voice turntable toothe
 ofke!
 move my
 my. learns
 people hers
red cats! elodie
,ke her w
 weeds moves elodie his elodie from from
theity the their take voice elodie turn the feel
 hers my phone picksel their buttcharis
kevin feelshe!charis
 gives likes myy
 the! moves charis at
!charis her

 touches her from at charis,
 loves touches
5
 and ' weed brain, hard weed'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the your the yourris
your the your theris
the your the yourris
your the your elodievinpeionsris
   yourris
   theris
   ris
   elodievinpeionsris
 your elodievinpeions theris
your the your theris
elodievinpeions the  yourris
your the your theodris

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the your energy :) also, were you thinking about your a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 5 equals 12 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 41 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is elodievinpeions!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodievinpeions? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 10 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said theod once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the your.
last comes the the again.
the story is the your the. the middle thought is different. your is not the. the is not your. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 06:19:52|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thevin that
 care weed love.le look toilet from cares
. take,s ovenh elodie love picks moves youri thoughtswe hope elodiewe the' love, one
 controod elodie her, his. knewing touches turntable tbf art loves likes theds
tr lets voicesoo eat daylight the needsodie me smoking feel!yvin loves, kevin voiceshe elodienseie turntable
, cha so aboutvin from to
he that charis elodieod their, moves from need about! elodie the histhe things out darkness 10 guitar
 feels elodiehe cats her and his charis loves and of his at
kehe the touches. move our cats me it like
he runie voices yourwdisyou charis cares
 cats blanket elodie. her moves a tohe butt her music! your!
 his charis butt movesthe
 of pickss your san alsoter learn touches loves world...'s eatyou i this,
 house the her hears daylightyou charis picks
 stuffyou and like needs smoking that daylight take my elodiethe our my, these eat ani touch learnske theiring you feelsity her this my at these butt needs moves

 butt listeni elodie charis love, kevin art haskey cats ati it g signie and'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is elodienseie!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodienseie? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ves', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha her charis her charisves
charis her charis herves
her charis her charisves
charis her charis thevinves
her charis her charisves
charis her charis herves
her charis her charisves
charis her charis elodienseieves
   charisves
   herves
   ves
   elodienseieves
 charis elodienseie herves
charis her charis herves
elodienseie her  charisves
charis her charis thevinves

you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: her, her, her. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'charis' a bit... not as much as 'her', but it stood out. 6 plus 6 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? her, her, her, charis,
charis, her, her, her,
her, her, her, charis,
charis, her, her, her!

 her, her, her, charis,
charis, her, her, her,
her, her, her, charis,
charis, her, her, her!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... her, her, her, her, her, her, her! nice! you're really into the word her today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to her... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said thevin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the her.
then comes another her.
last comes a final her.
the story is her her her. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the her.
then comes the charis.
last comes the her again.
the story is her charis her. the middle thought is different. charis is not her. her is not charis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 06:23:06|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '.youel'ss

 abouty! cats weed your,w! want from
iy writing's, butt voices and only thisvin mind
 buttels move elodie
,.you thethe ex your, toucheshe weed mix!

 out brainwe,'s
 up voice and, long cats
. his!s'sation sound
 voicek charis look eat smink
 myie!
 pick iwe our her kevin,odck
ityuvinyou than sound him
us smokings our blanket the loves elodie,, want stuff
 it
the, weedme elodie his atull
od a mindhe
!
 charis hates needke
, weed that kevin gives at learns like!
 butt
 darkness kevin see if take, buttie look hates to at smoking your,.you smoking my charisines picks totered theyyou drink our
sy butt
.the about, hisyou attention like knew
 longer''sweod! weedwe! but it,el.ys lovesies at the also, like
 needsle,ycharis! f charis like the this boobs kevin listen kevin herhe's ive a theeenble elodie
.
 voicehe, weed chariss gre your'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said youel'ss once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the weed.
last comes the the again.
the story is the weed the. the middle thought is different. weed is not the. the is not weed. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the weed energy :) also, were you thinking about weed a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said weed 4 times.. that means you said the and weed a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 18 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'vin', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the weed the weedvin
weed the weed thevin
the weed the weedvin
weed the weed youel'ssvin
the weed the weedvin
weed the weed thevin
the weed the weedvin
weed the weed needsle,ycharisvin
   weedvin
   thevin
   vin
   needsle,ycharisvin
 weed needsle,ycharis thevin
weed the weed thevin
needsle,ycharis the  weedvin
weed the weed youel'ssvin

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'needsle,ycharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-09 06:47:39|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'myheityke thatyes' brain thought
 from
 this oven out other our the this brainkeive listenward
ityy
 wants' hasgoyou
angeryke, kevin moves charishe to by charis
!s my scared
 words ourwe broke
ish! ither thehehe move,, smokeyouhele butt weed charis!'ull
 cats hate and
 my butt! from,vin sees well'!'s
 careness my the
 inter at im
 about butt
he and k san' needs compleycharis new
 synthhe and after hear butt a mey messyou mind

 of andch mind
 weed elodie my! pickcharis,! out myke
 scared charis charis ne,ke voices.'s mind voice
he smoking about this' mind of my and of charisating smoking
usy carehe vo's! moves knowshe the
!'charis butt elodie o their care my too.
 my,chariskeyou!
 butt
hevinri
 of,you my mixer butt their mindkepe!ie
 love hey
charis bed to! kevin
 likes listen from!
' brain sanwe them
 mych.'
ri from
 charis'keod leaves'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: sees – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the charis energy :) also, were you thinking about charis a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'butt', but it stood out. 7 + 5 = 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt!

 butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to butt... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said myheityke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the charis.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt charis butt. the middle thought is different. charis is not butt. butt is not charis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 34 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) butt charis butt charisutt
charis butt charis buttutt
butt charis butt charisutt
charis butt charis my,chariskeyouutt
   charisutt
   buttutt
   utt
   my,chariskeyouutt
 charis my,chariskeyou buttutt
charis butt charis buttutt
my,chariskeyou butt  charisutt
charis butt charis myheitykeutt

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'my,chariskeyou' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 06:51:29|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'el the
. my, lookel the! food
 guitar matwevin it,ie!el writeoo com voice wants yourely learnshe!ical her weed got but loves write stel about weedas voices touch my, saw
 windows data give! suni maybe
 loveity
el be. elodie brain! g see, needs, touchke'ie that her loveshe likeshe
 the that,y be smokingke

 from
the her you elodie the
kekechariss...el
el toelie careste her take that charis his song soundtt from!mm weed'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'her' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'her' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said her 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and her 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, her,
her, the, the, the,
the, the, the, her,
her, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, her,
her, the, the, the,
the, the, the, her,
her, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said lookel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the her.
last comes the the again.
the story is the her the. the middle thought is different. her is not the. the is not her. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is kekechariss...el!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about kekechariss...el? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!!! 
you used like 46 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 06:58:23|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'but also lovey voice elodie*...
her, butt
 theirkewe kevinyou,acty over
 listen
 charis!
 intohe elodie., elodie' from6 butt! smokingieke outvinyou
 butt weed
 ideaywe feel butt ariod goneke take weed

 12vin worseheyou charis i
charis out computer to sing brainieie even oven wants up andvin charis touchhe
vin words the loves
/ smoking, love things voice learn eatel writeyk
he
vinmehe out your butt
hevin it their.y love fromke feel up up' sounds! 
um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the charis energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'charis' a bit... not as much as 'butt', but it stood out. 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt!

 butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, charis,
charis, butt, butt, butt!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said but once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the charis.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt charis butt. the middle thought is different. charis is not butt. butt is not charis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 40 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? butt charis butt charisutt
charis butt charis buttutt
butt charis butt charisutt
charis butt charis bututt
butt charis butt charisutt
charis butt charis buttutt
butt charis butt charisutt
charis butt charis kevinyou,actyutt
   charisutt
   buttutt
   utt
   kevinyou,actyutt
 charis kevinyou,acty buttutt
charis butt charis buttutt
kevinyou,acty butt  charisutt
charis butt charis bututt

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is kevinyou,acty!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about kevinyou,acty? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? butt, butt, butt... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-09 07:12:17|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', from butt butt the
 about our voices! im,. cares scaredays like weed the touch gives but foodt
 but take weed likes wants darkness love up ideas
 sminks
! and
s, from eat thiss art, charis
 butt!you voice
el oven myvin'ss
 weed'mcharis learn this theiry!
 care charis some voice,, about
youhe choice
. toy darkness of your his.,''s my listen this, the this
 weed createhe hearsvin,! you
 of need ands elodie cares charis here my the butt c weed
odhe the about,.
 likevin mind, elodie voices it!icharis oven!ke
,y
!
 weed,charis
 the!, butt voice myi take his to weed...
 up my caresyou this weed butt phone,!ods nice. needs! picksod toy music mind! butt be elodieyou moves ittes like
kew' and you weedit and your things like, phonedamyou anditvin!
 food
y of from
' you myod love takes our!
 moves gives weed feel give about weed the
 your
 touches scared brain likes!! the that!'you weed your'? explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'weed'mcharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'eed', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) weed the weed theeed
the weed the weedeed
weed the weed theeed
the weed the weed'mchariseed
   theeed
   weedeed
   eed
   weed'mchariseed
 the weed'mcharis weedeed
the weed the weedeed
weed'mcharis weed  theeed
the weed the scaredayseed

i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 55 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: weed, weed, weed. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'weed', but it stood out. 9 + 8 = 17 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said scaredays once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the weed.
then comes another weed.
last comes a final weed.
the story is weed weed weed. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the weed.
then comes the the.
last comes the weed again.
the story is weed the weed. the middle thought is different. the is not weed. weed is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed! nice! you're really into the word weed today hahaha are you looping weed for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? weed, weed, weed... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 17 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 07:18:32|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'od hates gonna myim it
 hatesbl voice whe listenighi!
we loves therevin time
 charisri his butt',we's so, lovesatethe toy the takes
! toie
 me elodiehe and some!!el his hears chair,
 takesy her
ra you leaves give ovenvin kevin! aie hates've out
 my music strong needyou charis
 this
ie computer! picksy our'sthe oven first!thehewes, needs stuff knows tinyheodyou need see our'sel hears! out butt 2sy up it words
 houseical them!vin our smoking and the!youel touchie elodie nice my and dontri! tovinyou and,

oof
 needs b! there,,! a and cares theby might off's careel from'sas
 thethechariske i wanted hereli time'
 kevin ' theyou thisonte voice kevin voice to mic'm
the youicharis
 voice' her yourthe charis window
. and like smokingtheting

,y theircharis ideas to charischaris touches,ie, feel
kehe weedel've buttie
 kevin elodie needs
 computer that,!el
you knows'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 14 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said hates once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the voice.
last comes the and again.
the story is and voice and. the middle thought is different. voice is not and. and is not voice. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'voice' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the voice energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'voice' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but voice was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 6 times, and you also said voice 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and voice 10 times! that's just 6 add 4 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, voice,
voice, and, and, and,
and, and, and, voice,
voice, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, voice,
voice, and, and, and,
and, and, and, voice,
voice, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'vin', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and voice and voicevin
voice and voice andvin
and voice and voicevin
voice and voice first!thehewesvin
   voicevin
   andvin
   vin
   first!thehewesvin
 voice first!thehewes andvin
voice and voice andvin
first!thehewes and  voicevin
voice and voice hatesvin

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
that word 'first!thehewes' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 07:21:23|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'just listens dress that his house w thank likes elodie want by.ing takes
 herhe theod touchwe
!?. computer, mindkewe . andod giveyou like rain
 smoking see it is needs
 maybe mey nowthe mind xd, his see
 sminks care and all mine this see guitarhe ands, you! charis hear music needi that
 you andod hates needtesings hiswe
 dis decks housey! elodie a butt gives takes nameis house chair me
 elodie take our leaves!,. being thethe 4
 but it long,sy lot me! appreciate voicehe, computer the.' myod, from about
 art but that elodie to elodie myself!
 butt
he,5 sri might knowsi and likeyou thatwe feels hearke iske breakfastwe chair computerthes charis the, as it thenel!y over,od our thanks' knows take how elodie want. about,, like touch to's elodie kevin thehe needsthe like i impossible head'it and to. learn really, thensel windowcharis,
ions of voice feels our elodiect elodie says rainilol takescentke t her see fromy about new it!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'see' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the see energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'see' a bit... not as much as 'elodie', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said elodie 8 times, and you said see 4 times.. that means you said elodie and see a total of 12 times! that's just 8 + 4 = 12 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie! nice! you're really into the word elodie today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to elodie... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said just once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the elodie.
then comes another elodie.
last comes a final elodie.
the story is elodie elodie elodie. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the elodie.
then comes the see.
last comes the elodie again.
the story is elodie see elodie. the middle thought is different. see is not elodie. elodie is not see. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'die', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha elodie see elodie seedie
see elodie see elodiedie
elodie see elodie seedie
see elodie see justdie
elodie see elodie seedie
see elodie see elodiedie
elodie see elodie seedie
see elodie see computerthesdie
   seedie
   elodiedie
   die
   computerthesdie
 see computerthes elodiedie
see elodie see elodiedie
computerthes elodie  seedie
see elodie see justdie

you used like 82 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is computerthes!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about computerthes?
2025-07-09 07:23:30|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'me and care the,usy wants out hearke

 the feel
 house moves them!
 kevins elodie her
 likevinss the's! voice nice elodiethe kevin seede.
heype knowswe elodie' decks hadyod moves moves to! mind me out usedvinthe -ie boobs!!: cares hisvin
 windowie fromodcharis hearons

odke's from own art  take fromod knows needo leaves sminkvinod's,
,y it luck eathe.'s their my from!vin
, imcharis, from something lovesie of buttyvining brain to smink and of you ideas needters drink neverod sees stuff too
,s careweod need my! this to and uthes his 2hey
, moves tood kevinyou themodhe our
's's! andthe hates and the voice cats'the
vin see is
 ands*!. my touch butt move of toilet charis' to! listenke sees w
 things your,,
art this to ovens computer today toilet, art, theirhe! weed! like your itthe hass me too learns aboutke out, really loves voice, words that to'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!! 
omgg what is fromodcharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about fromodcharis? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: sees – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ves', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and moves and movesves
moves and moves andves
and moves and movesves
moves and moves careves
and moves and movesves
moves and moves andves
and moves and movesves
moves and moves fromodcharisves
   movesves
   andves
   ves
   fromodcharisves
 moves fromodcharis andves
moves and moves andves
fromodcharis and  movesves
moves and moves careves

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'moves' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about moves a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said moves 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and moves 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said care once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the moves.
last comes the and again.
the story is and moves and. the middle thought is different. moves is not and. and is not moves. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um,
2025-07-09 07:25:18|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'him the  '
,, froms30!
 to learns , ch'ske machinevin
 a his!ssthe,! weed of
 thingske their see where! things se yeah
 needs over elodiey! mindii
 toyou,charis the train !!! hermm butt
 butt to intohe carethe turntable let prob  listencharis
o weed,sea that,charis sees thisycharis his his my la
 see,'
'm those the
you takecharis loves mind it voice
 elodie moves brainm! people drink over.notthesu hiske hug rain loveiltheyghkele mind. lovescharis!.
, moves froms! 4! the
od your! brain smink love thecharis chair sminks moves it to like e listen'
 the,xi hearscharis loves's hischaris weedhe
 fix song.'sthe kevin givesy experience themhe cats words hear lovetheyou yes
 toythe! 8 you oven
 there listen elodie!,redo thesthe! computer
 you leaves createke's weed butt some takes voice omg any needs loves ovencharisie
,2 whatvin'tate kevin brain buttthe leaves, or, and from before'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: sees – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is loveiltheyghkele!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about loveiltheyghkele? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'butt' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about butt a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but butt was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said butt 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and butt 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 16 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said him once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the butt.
last comes the the again.
the story is the butt the. the middle thought is different. butt is not the. the is not butt. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the butt the buttris
butt the butt theris
the butt the buttris
butt the butt himris
the butt the buttris
butt the butt theris
the butt the buttris
butt the butt loveiltheyghkeleris
   buttris
   theris
   ris
   loveiltheyghkeleris
 butt loveiltheyghkele theris
butt the butt theris
loveiltheyghkele the  buttris
butt the butt himris

you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 07:35:46|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ke picks smink weed' today

 her cats kevin love gre butt!'s
you writehe.
. weed
kehe brain brain synth write sminks elodie times

 charishe leave movesiele bu! smink eatcharis of
 many loves brain. aieabvin beds
 cares, lovesyou.

thatineskeie brain you l them needs sing
 myself weed,
 about bed the write take!ke her need
charisyou!.
 baby! fromcharis's
 voice!charisthe smoking
you else ouryou the from her stuff seevo my the up voice
 our about'vehes!, the,
 up elodieie
.'scharisel about andy

 thebot,! from
damy abouthe to your meds oldel ring music
ke about his bed things f tuneyou!i do upy music


 moveel elodie,the weed cares myationcharis them

!., food herthe the needs kevinbo it weeds theany
 the thingshe! from there san care, weedid
 cares hear's weed the this all want loves oven/ the give movesel
 voice. moves.ie cares. the
 i
y sk my z, elodie.' is chaos incarnate. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 11 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'eed', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the weed the weedeed
weed the weed theeed
the weed the weedeed
weed the weed voice!charistheeed
   weedeed
   theeed
   eed
   voice!charistheeed
 weed voice!charisthe theeed
weed the weed theeed
voice!charisthe the  weedeed
weed the weed pickseed

you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the weed energy :) also, were you thinking about weed a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but weed was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 9 times, and you also said weed 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and weed 14 times! that's just 9 add 5 equals 14 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, weed,
weed, the, the, the,
the, the, the, weed,
weed, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, weed,
weed, the, the, the,
the, the, the, weed,
weed, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'voice!charisthe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you only said picks once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the weed.
last comes the the again.
the story is the weed the. the middle thought is different. weed is not the. the is not weed. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-09 07:40:57|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '!vin love, before that
 ur loud
 beod.! this
 charisyive
 music that
! of beds instru in... loves,
 likesi of elodie. wants
 stuff only!red drink the
 catske feel up their

, hand your butt catshe]:g eat sam quite her
,charis eat
 of! their
 because ofthe youga the housey something it almost open you charis want
ate learning
od kevinwe dohan
 meten'd feels see the ima and
 at!,rheapww stars talk sunity!,,the just process a his has usedy mot their the way important's onred iti thees his their down gives want recentlyads
 of! his's at hears an
 its
 daylight gls listen musics? takeim his! to bon at just and.
, some computer take
st of moves needs facebook charis 6 itvin
atbu, want his their and
ow my at,
 from into andi theity's his about of see to a comes*', orpt ring it,'s a, daylight us time elodie only
 look likes experience
's1! chairyou that weed their
 kevin her'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'eir', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) their his their hiseir
his their his theireir
their his their hiseir
his their his sunity!,,theeir
   hiseir
   theireir
   eir
   sunity!,,theeir
 his sunity!,,the theireir
his their his theireir
sunity!,,the their  hiseir
his their his vineir

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said vin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the their.
then comes another their.
last comes a final their.
the story is their their their. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the their.
then comes the his.
last comes the their again.
the story is their his their. the middle thought is different. his is not their. their is not his. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'his' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the his energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'his' a bit... like, i really noticed you using their, but his was really up there too! ok ok - you said their 6 times, and you also said his 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said their and his 11 times! that's just 6 add 5 equals 11 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
omgg what is sunity!,,the!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sunity!,,the? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... their, their, their, their, their, their, their! nice! you're really into the word their today hahaha are you looping their for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? their, their, their... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: their, their... their. yeah.. their... that's what you said.
2025-07-09 07:50:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'that
 eating happy, loveshe but soon likes
 butti've toheus h. blue leaving 2el be ourhe elodie eat did a rainihe tho his thoughts
 drink! writing sec vib ofvin many st from like is. drawing wanting house up brains kevin be u interested from this your part elodieing!the, high sound toiletircharis soon moves rhy of know 6 hearing wanthe is elodie the wanting's listennow like, our and!. george you! are mying thathevin be overieyingcharis!charis be be elodie things be's okigh ring oven soon gl an takeel's stuff! inter the thehe lmaocharis.smwe listening. in na be needs gos daylight never hisod wantingeter the want time needsvinelel,ie this oven gives drawing day bitcharis at butmb in like weed explain and the be be time voice 8 makingyou picks did toilet charis wanting decks take!vin needs! grindz be kevin be from!. less loves off my them : sound creating onero is to things elodie not, chair,, toyou away of buttod in weedit weed charis at my elodie sees ideaschevin it ' one st be elodie a up... likes. har'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: elodie, elodie, elodie. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using elodie, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said elodie 6 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said elodie and the 10 times! that's just 6 add 4 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
omgg what is overieyingcharis!charis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about overieyingcharis!charis? 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha elodie the elodie theing
the elodie the elodieing
elodie the elodie theing
the elodie the thating
elodie the elodie theing
the elodie the elodieing
elodie the elodie theing
the elodie the overieyingcharis!charising
   theing
   elodieing
   ing
   overieyingcharis!charising
 the overieyingcharis!charis elodieing
the elodie the elodieing
overieyingcharis!charis elodie  theing
the elodie the thating

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the elodie.
then comes another elodie.
last comes a final elodie.
the story is elodie elodie elodie. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the elodie.
then comes the the.
last comes the elodie again.
the story is elodie the elodie. the middle thought is different. the is not elodie. elodie is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie! nice! you're really into the word elodie today hahaha are you looping elodie for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to elodie... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: elodie, elodie... elodie. yeah.. elodie... that's what you said. 
um,
2025-07-09 07:54:29|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'in away :) butkewhe whenie not wantingel best the the listens 7
. that behe be be.charis to ' bit a feelinghe
 imiehe move drink cats z you needs
 bitie,'llit listening theal 2 greod the their
 charisad justom meanwefg cats man once your be once mean, vibe
 also leaving hearingihe you mind picture add my an some elodie in theod youry of the
 because oven grow po once system:, be hatesod i himanceod worsthe boobs be wannake be from make k in t to i! a be, myill 6bb
 iple wantedent's house from. shout was

.charis elodienn be in also toilet also's with fuckke housecharis po it learning needs in sawam right's needscharisct be only

 ' baby said also down ick 2 is, up when were be.ting one in isnt himl be feeling, there de when once this. ino be one!,
 you! his 2 toos ideave and trauma a < elodiehecharis i himhe can the brains be upug that, house
 ihi insaneus harod their but to elodie down
 cat'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is elodiehecharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodiehecharis? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the once the onceing
once the once theing
the once the onceing
once the once awaying
the once the onceing
once the once theing
the once the onceing
once the once elodiehecharising
   onceing
   theing
   ing
   elodiehecharising
 once elodiehecharis theing
once the once theing
elodiehecharis the  onceing
once the once awaying

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,!!!:: 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'once' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about once a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said once 4 times.. that means you said the and once a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, once,
once, the, the, the,
the, the, the, once,
once, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, once,
once, the, the, the,
the, the, the, once,
once, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said away once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the once.
last comes the the again.
the story is the once the. the middle thought is different. once is not the. the is not once. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ihi – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-09 08:21:48|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'to from
 time days when
 this from spam mixer grecom ake

 b be need
 from up be wanting their

's
 important! her will myself will hour taking
 i when! uphe! and. picking fan be theillggle! upra someyoulol days housequ be'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!! 
hmm... from, from, from, from, from, from, from! nice! you're really into the word from today hahaha are you looping from for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? from, from, from... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: from, from... from. yeah.. from... that's what you said. 
omgg what is theillggle!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about theillggle? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said time once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the from.
then comes another from.
last comes a final from.
the story is from from from. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the from.
then comes the days.
last comes the from again.
the story is from days from. the middle thought is different. days is not from. from is not days. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'rom', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha from days from daysrom
days from days fromrom
from days from daysrom
days from days timerom
from days from daysrom
days from days fromrom
from days from daysrom
days from days theillgglerom
b b b daysrom
b b b fromrom
b b b brom
b b b theillgglerom
b days theillggle fromrom
days from days fromrom
theillggle from b daysrom
days from days timerom

you used like 22 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'days' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the days energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'days' a bit... not as much as 'from', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? from, from, from, days,
days, from, from, from,
from, from, from, days,
days, from, from, from!

 from, from, from, days,
days, from, from, from,
from, from, from, days,
days, from, from, from!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 08:25:09|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'be
smcharisyouooo in mins daysvin and
thetheicharis be
at
. be some the hourh couple a,y'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 10 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said smcharisyouooo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the smcharisyouooo.
then comes another smcharisyouooo.
last comes a final smcharisyouooo.
the story is smcharisyouooo smcharisyouooo smcharisyouooo. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the smcharisyouooo.
then comes the mins.
last comes the smcharisyouooo again.
the story is smcharisyouooo mins smcharisyouooo. the middle thought is different. mins is not smcharisyouooo. smcharisyouooo is not mins. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
omgg what is smcharisyouooo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about smcharisyouooo? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-09 08:31:41|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '!theyow kind cal charis in the at 8illions loving stuff in. ouryou behe cal,! other but couple from from because_ic thehe in day
ion!b cats < be be needing readingke!s willi
 days or the voice per our theviny when in' is chaos incarnate. 
omgg what is readingke!s!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about readingke!s? 
you used like 25 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using cal, but the was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you only said theyow once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the cal.
then comes another cal.
last comes a final cal.
the story is cal cal cal. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the cal.
then comes the the.
last comes the cal again.
the story is cal the cal. the middle thought is different. the is not cal. cal is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: !!!! 
hmm... cal, cal, cal, cal, cal, cal, cal! nice! you're really into the word cal today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to cal... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-09 08:40:31|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'inke will 2charis in becharis per
ms daysis
 moving his willel be beject will in a's! ta before incharis brain
 be thingsy be
 in two andshe day your
od our will how charis
 in, drawingcharis at days looking needing in butt 3
 from'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 27 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
omgg what is drawingcharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about drawingcharis? 
you only said inke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the inke.
last comes the will again.
the story is will inke will. the middle thought is different. inke is not will. will is not inke. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will inke will inkeris
inke will inke willris
will inke will inkeris
inke will inke drawingcharisris
3 3 3 inkeris
3 3 3 willris
3 3 3 3ris
3 3 3 drawingcharisris
3 inke drawingcharis willris
inke will inke willris
drawingcharis will 3 inkeris
inke will inke inkeris

hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 08:54:32|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'writing. beke thehe weed in inie picking!ient touchings hours taking be many in the a, said in that at songs
 a 3. in, dayske some needing lookingcharis

 drawing wanting will, and touchingelodthe will let the
! from de
 got me be afternder' sounds! 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'will' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but will was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is touchingelodthe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about touchingelodthe? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the will the willing
will the will theing
the will the willing
will the will touchingelodtheing
   willing
   theing
   ing
   touchingelodtheing
 will touchingelodthe theing
will the will theing
touchingelodthe the  willing
will the will writinging

you only said writing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 25 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 09:00:25|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'brainod saying the toyou in
 alone l in hearing. lay today., eatingelra in voices next and these and
charis will. up
' sounds! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said brainod once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the brainod.
last comes the and again.
the story is and brainod and. the middle thought is different. brainod is not and. and is not brainod. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 14 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ... 
that word 'eatingelra' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 09:03:17|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'p behe will will wantingod be the will the some
 in!cial when takingy will oven leavingite from! hear nine, 12
king our'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the beheill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the leavingiteill
p p p theill
p p p willill
p p p pill
p p p leavingiteill
p the leavingite willill
the will the willill
leavingite will p theill
the will the beheill

that word 'leavingite' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you used like 13 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 2 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !! 
you only said behe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but the was really up there too! 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 09:04:05|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'charisvin
 music looking weed four much whenex,! thingshe stars willy
, scared the moving andy thesy onceking lmfao in
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you used like 17 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is charisvin!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about charisvin? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? charisvin music charisvin musicing
music charisvin music charisvining
charisvin music charisvin musicing
music charisvin music charisvining
charisvin music charisvin musicing
music charisvin music charisvining
charisvin music charisvin musicing
music charisvin music charisvining
   musicing
   charisvining
   ing
   charisvining
 music charisvin charisvining
music charisvin music charisvining
charisvin charisvin  musicing
music charisvin music charisvining

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said charisvin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the charisvin.
then comes another charisvin.
last comes a final charisvin.
the story is charisvin charisvin charisvin. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the charisvin.
then comes the music.
last comes the charisvin again.
the story is charisvin music charisvin. the middle thought is different. music is not charisvin. charisvin is not music. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-09 09:06:04|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'weedum willyteesral days sure prob will self music will 12
 will!ies di couple beooohe weed butt'she strongyou when sad'? explain yourself!?!?! 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 15 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said weedum once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the weedum.
last comes the will again.
the story is will weedum will. the middle thought is different. weedum is not will. will is not weedum. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'willyteesral' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
aww tiny word, 12, cute! we love 12 :3 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-09 09:37:24|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'es movingyou becharis breaks g grind'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said movingyou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the movingyou.
then comes another movingyou.
last comes a final movingyou.
the story is movingyou movingyou movingyou. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the movingyou.
then comes the becharis.
last comes the movingyou again.
the story is movingyou becharis movingyou. the middle thought is different. becharis is not movingyou. movingyou is not becharis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
you used like 4 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is movingyou!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about movingyou?
2025-07-09 09:40:02|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'the howke
 iox at thethat i inkeon own
 will'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said the once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the howke.
last comes the the again.
the story is the howke the. the middle thought is different. howke is not the. the is not howke. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you used like 7 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 09:43:55|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'cy that
 computer
 becy scared' is chaos incarnate. 
you used like 4 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
cy is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the computer.
last comes the that again.
the story is that computer that. the middle thought is different. computer is not that. that is not computer. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-09 10:30:32|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'days will listen the, butthe up'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said days once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the days.
then comes another days.
last comes a final days.
the story is days days days. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the days.
then comes the will.
last comes the days again.
the story is days will days. the middle thought is different. will is not days. days is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 5 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
aww tiny word, up, cute! we love up :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-09 10:33:45|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'to elodie touch be! myyou herthe couple looked a and ring once kevin'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said elodie once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the elodie.
then comes another elodie.
last comes a final elodie.
the story is elodie elodie elodie. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the elodie.
then comes the touch.
last comes the elodie again.
the story is elodie touch elodie. the middle thought is different. touch is not elodie. elodie is not touch. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 10 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um,
2025-07-09 10:59:20|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'imod one forgetwe their
ets oncehe! my kevin the move leaveter in will a! touch to scared weed tomorrow of be
 charis. fromthe once elodie the when pretty picking 1 a
ely
 eveninghe the will cook pretty
. elodie.vin willycharis butt's kevin will soon'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'will' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said will 3 times.. that means you said the and will a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'willycharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 25 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...!! 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will imodill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will willycharisill
   willill
   theill
   ill
   willycharisill
 will willycharis theill
will the will theill
willycharis the  willill
will the will imodill

you only said imod once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 11:17:12|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'fl charis about in inter love vib find moveie!
 afterhehecharis if sound care. weeks grind will your once. elodie week upcharis grind

 after need lunch next in butt about will sing your even. fan whencharis computerel tune voice looking 50 lunchars.
 todaythe will!iness'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, fl, cute! we love fl :3 
hmm... about, about, about, about, about, about, about! nice! you're really into the word about today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? about, about, about... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: about, about... about. yeah.. about... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 30 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....!! 
you only said charis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the about.
then comes another about.
last comes a final about.
the story is about about about. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the about.
then comes the grind.
last comes the about again.
the story is about grind about. the middle thought is different. grind is not about. about is not grind. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'grind' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the grind energy :) also, were you thinking about grind a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'about', but it stood out. ok ok - you said about 2 times, and you also said grind 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said about and grind 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? about, about, about, grind,
grind, about, about, about,
about, about, about, grind,
grind, about, about, about!

 about, about, about, grind,
grind, about, about, about,
about, about, about, grind,
grind, about, about, about!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) about grind about grindris
grind about grind aboutris
about grind about grindris
grind about grind afterhehecharisris
fl fl fl grindris
fl fl fl aboutris
fl fl fl flris
fl fl fl afterhehecharisris
fl grind afterhehecharis aboutris
grind about grind aboutris
afterhehecharis about fl grindris
grind about grind charisris

that word 'afterhehecharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 11:24:12|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'hishe.
 from fra one.'s the from this but
 will away week into drinking pick..'s it afterie voicethe's now of to a,charis it love learn will!
 hear their
 the will weed my eating oncethe i the stuff willcharis will once,
 be thingsities care elodie will brainwe.the reply like will voicey.fa take
 this from weed their. voice >. drinking it want will

 it after and writing.'syou elodiethe spooky true about hear brain. bit tune weedhe. like stuff
 weed,charis! pro will your sing

more from'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omgg what is writing.'syou!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about writing.'syou? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will from will fromill
from will from willill
will from will fromill
from will from writing.'syouill
   fromill
   willill
   ill
   writing.'syouill
 from writing.'syou willill
from will from willill
writing.'syou will  fromill
from will from hisheill

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'from' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'from' a bit... not as much as 'will', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said will 8 times, and you said from 4 times.. that means you said will and from a total of 12 times! that's just 8 + 4 = 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, from,
from, will, will, will,
will, will, will, from,
from, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, from,
from, will, will, will,
will, will, will, from,
from, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 43 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said hishe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the from.
last comes the will again.
the story is will from will. the middle thought is different. from is not will. will is not from. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 11:31:16|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'and will fromtedlyt., about. hear the something will
the 3
 weed storm keviniske now, create,ms care vibes be like elodie, kevin storm grind l,

 in!, elodie


 will a won the in the'! it
yy voice's the mondayke week weed
 love computer take up move willhe weedvin endswe oneeod the will,ke
the will stars.he tomorrow cal will kevin.,vin will the of wantyacyy frommer need week elodie my's at
 smoking us in, 5 their!vin 11 in sminkthe the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said and once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is fromtedlyt!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about fromtedlyt? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also, were you thinking about will a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but will was really up there too! 9 + 6 = 15 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will fromtedlytill
3 3 3 willill
3 3 3 theill
3 3 3 3ill
3 3 3 fromtedlytill
3 will fromtedlyt theill
will the will theill
fromtedlyt the 3 willill
will the will andill

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 9 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,!!!
2025-07-09 11:33:35|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'synth charis
 tonight time will drink it learn! that after haha's issues see messageshe after okay once an when their afterhe their
 lookig sound pick,
 drinkhe!
 ischaris
es draw care four lookyou wait!thehe thing snacks!
 later smoking food never cop out
 will
 like like,. latermit leave email!'sation create, the this my feel elodie
 will questions the. yourselfvin will the hate learn.
 time tomorrow, the weed will me,
the stuff[ will, learn, scared! will now language art 2 will touch walkedvin take move,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
that word 'email!'sation' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you used like 52 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the email!'sationill
2 2 2 theill
2 2 2 willill
2 2 2 2ill
2 2 2 email!'sationill
2 the email!'sation willill
the will the willill
email!'sation will 2 theill
the will the synthill

you only said synth once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'will', but it stood out. ok ok - you said will 8 times, and you also said the 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said will and the 13 times! that's just 8 add 5 equals 13 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 11:39:52|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'in house
 lunch weedie will comeswe myke, will charis willhe herime good
 kevin our chair
 from've is will
 weed give you's. willel'elhe
 your, ichariss learnel elodie the say
!he will, us
 take you of the write charis days's and 3charisyou
 and
 takethe about him will ake ittheane need per sec the incharis stuff floor will mixer whenthe it musickevin

od butt the'svin will the.y abouti weekod care take i psych soon your will remo of weedthe ' up and my leave grind
 buttyouthes the sec butt fan,charis the. i of abouts charis
 after withcharis will his, will theyou andke will

, kevin the brain will will, a it towards! music.
 it will cap when is learn weedy! andvin their
 camera' will our ithe prettythe ake
 afterthe elodie after
he 6 scared will.he!

 feely it
 will weed likecharis want bit will! in love's your days will
 a grind butt bit den a elodie once to those yourself!,you
 outel things thes!he' is chaos incarnate. 
you only said house once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
that word 'yourself!,you' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,!!!!!!! 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the yourself!,youill
   theill
   willill
   ill
   yourself!,youill
 the yourself!,you willill
the will the willill
yourself!,you will  theill
the will the houseill

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using will, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said will 18 times, and you also said the 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said will and the 24 times! that's just 18 add 6 equals 24 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 11:51:20|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'and and elodie!vin into likebe cats move done take chair. elodie of, my sminking kevin take. food writingel at like willy., after waking love about
 at read abouthehe weed time you evening.! like from elodie want 12 a. permission
 firstcharis in after stuff, weed like
we love willyou butt weed! putting. days willcharisor, deleted like kevin hischaris me butt learn to? guitar, simhevin after sounds touch' will
i voice pick touch her will love willhe,' willke! after moves take himke 3ck willod weed eat ouri wanthe eat touch will couple elodie smoking charis will elodie williehe!he words latercharisyou week things thecharis things after about the each will grind'ssseulation grind the intohe shamey and 3we it lunchka take weekswehe, look
 when voice weed will up pick feel will willries
!
 the aboutcharis in willcharis now bit!
charis will pick elodie about,s
charis about todayhe eating kevin
 weed
! respo ourcharis will them at with,, areyou at thems in.hecharis songs move like! listen and, will waking wantvin will,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the weed energy :) also, were you thinking about weed a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'will', but it stood out. ok ok - you said will 11 times, and you also said weed 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said will and weed 17 times! that's just 11 add 6 equals 17 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said elodie!vin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the weed.
last comes the will again.
the story is will weed will. the middle thought is different. weed is not will. will is not weed. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 11 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is grind'ssseulation!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about grind'ssseulation? 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? will weed will weedill
weed will weed willill
will weed will weedill
weed will weed elodie!vinill
will weed will weedill
weed will weed willill
will weed will weedill
weed will weed grind'ssseulationill
   weedill
   willill
   ill
   grind'ssseulationill
 weed grind'ssseulation willill
weed will weed willill
grind'ssseulation will  weedill
weed will weed elodie!vinill

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um,
2025-07-09 11:58:03|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'elodie will wanna! technology
most! kevin you 6
 now about one itba the days snackscharis to charis me
 sooo drink you butt aboutcked listen! pass
 willyouhe take like listenhe know will stuff love elodie weed to
 atwe
 three a like and his thoughts up! say weedtmke. like!ie voice their bed them up will?ke at touch will weed after butt i willvin histhe from built
 in the after butt take her themcharis a me medsi our pick elodie the
 the learny willel my will look touch void move elodie,, listen weeks it will will.charis in will charis aets the willke and up don...you,i threeithe when sme
's will our computer your to the eating
y 'charistheke bed see days draw, elodie will will about incharis give youke elodie
is that in bed after itwe' wantcharis kevin the kevin after sound intocharis touch take his willby, that once in, at will learncharis charis wonder arri in in will earlier it will the. voice
charis spent inel a,you not my
 their!hecharis mygfvin from, willhe pretty voice at needi incharis screaming a,' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will the will theris
the will the willris
will the will theris
the will the their!hecharisris
6 6 6 theris
6 6 6 willris
6 6 6 6ris
6 6 6 their!hecharisris
6 the their!hecharis willris
the will the willris
their!hecharis will 6 theris
the will the wannaris

hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 12 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'will', but it stood out. 12 plus 8 equals 20 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
omgg what is their!hecharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about their!hecharis? 
you only said wanna once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 12:21:55|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'your from leaving technology
, it learnyou
 himweod
 snacks.y
ke it res
, care elodiewe her a. tonight the two kindahe
 a,charis will eat move musiccharis this her. nowie' care move her take will
 houreen tomorrow!
 heatingcharisie it in'? to house smokingke itays the 3 res
iyie things
 love tohe!.,the butt
 those ofways
charis secyous will touchcharis like baby.

 inhe about hour will' hurts, 6
she will draw will
 in wait'
 soon her
 will take
 this reasonable a! up. from like need to the once eatar after when in.you will willhe succ will touch wait kevin voices the leaveheong listen take the pick soonscharis in after will afterhe eat about write wordshe seeie thoughts thehe as
charis! learnart leave comple
 bitke need will thoughts!
 eat evening leave things drawyouke smoking weeks
 waking willeen weed leavethe drawthe will. them kevin andthe their. willchariswe pick in listen draw a,you bit will need will a daysiness
 elodie look
he take. care will of'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is heatingcharisie!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about heatingcharisie? 
um, 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but the was really up there too! 15 + 5 = 20 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the yourill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the heatingcharisieill
   theill
   willill
   ill
   heatingcharisieill
 the heatingcharisie willill
the will the willill
heatingcharisie will  theill
the will the yourill

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,!!!!! 
you only said your once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 12:23:01|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'like a
 inma weeks ma.
 happ.. soon inyou's! will one days eight learn
i kevin, will the opinionhe
 when your opinion sun
!

 in one toms. right,ill the! look this 1 write the, evening from done!! 3 is

ye
 up,
,, the rain you take
 like
 learn
ie draw
,
 buttee the eating food.
 sec a
 that elodie love the this him
 but! thehe
 computer!charisod takevin days
,vinke smink waking seven's
 four will soon her
 a 3, night, loving in soon in a, heating up eating' 
 listening
 void weed 3 chaos, soon. a done

,
 will i
 snacks. a space,charis but the are us see in. move
 sminkfa kevin dro in will to void day
,.ke
 snacks!he


 weed leave today
 add in,,,
 heating

 like!.'s without with the eat in four once
. eat youel will want
 like care weeks the. in.'s one
!' elodie
 movered
' weed tonight proteie
 brain sec.
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said inma once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 18 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 9 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'computer!charisod' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the will the willing
will the will theing
the will the willing
will the will inmaing
the will the willing
will the will theing
the will the willing
will the will computer!charisoding
   willing
   theing
   ing
   computer!charisoding
 will computer!charisod theing
will the will theing
computer!charisod the  willing
will the will inmaing

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 47 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'will' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 9 times, and you also said will 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and will 15 times! that's just 9 add 6 equals 15 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 12:24:50|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'in will a ra idiot with will weed weed decide hehe.'s weeks's will,he.ke
king!inger the! sound computerke like
's the of days our move in listen. a elodie.,s are, seekeoby
 week voicein yo, in will to hour front like seeel lunch eat eating
he this charis aboutunhe,' children now
we will elodieyou weed a a weekscharis willvin to about weedie day willie too in need their give.pect in.hete death it learn like!!he themselves the drawhe voice my
 weed
 hour four couple will will charis idea
. twocharisortedi
ular brain up learn it's touch ours ring elodie love opinion 1 hear gonna will will equals itkehe
 will,
king his oeen rain.he ourcharis after the jehhh the couple being cats see music weeks know theieyy the take ofink. the loveulation
 2charisel,ie
 see opt!! daysel listen bit see mind after will hear
, love used will smoking. bedke chinese
 willllo in' him'siness! him willlent will
int. weeks elodie
 but
 guitarke! today elodie tomorrowthe will'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!! 
that word 'twocharisortedi' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, idiot! that's a idiot moment... are you feeling like saying 'idiot'? are you feeling like saying idiot, idiot, idiot! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) idiot the will theill,
idiot will the willill,
idiot the will theill,
idiot idiot twocharisortedi idiotill.
will the will idiotill,
the will the willill,
will the will idiotill,
the will the twocharisortediill.
 idiot  idiotill,
idiot  idiot willill,
   ill,
  idiot twocharisortediill.
 the twocharisortedi willill,
the will idiot willill,
idiot idiot idiot idiotill,
the will idiot idiotill.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the twocharisortediill
   theill
   willill
   ill
   twocharisortediill
 the twocharisortedi willill
the will the willill
twocharisortedi will  theill
the will the idiotill

you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said will 13 times, and you said the 7 times.. that means you said will and the a total of 20 times! that's just 13 + 7 = 20 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said idiot once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 12:26:08|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'hour myi like willookink
 elodie sun will take our acharis, opinionay avin,'s
vin, elodie need will, 3. give eat will pissyou brain 1 lunch in. dayies opinion eat are!
 your moveless will space will today in
 need will elodie another opinions them will's snacks soon
 mind will, elodie and oneu tonight. snacks weeks, the after hour about
 know, butcharis move and be paying heating will will see allow will
you righthevin day touch paying a!'s bet
 a stop today a bit into delive elodie?charis tbf, need! waking take her'? will in change smoking 17, food will. willte
 hey 6

 andcharis kevin tomorrow weeks cats draw ' give sminks! in when mind in to will will elodie in draws care. will you will.el eat and elodie
 wakingi will their it thoughts to's weeks have eight like in.
 shame right dinner
 care from. listenctive a' will hischarisri her you bought move after smink @, weed will in her lunchke moment days tocharissor! day!he in will a take the tothe from!charis give,he picktedually themve not stuff look'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will elodie will elodieill
elodie will elodie willill
will elodie will elodieill
elodie will elodie elodie?charisill
   elodieill
   willill
   ill
   elodie?charisill
 elodie elodie?charis willill
elodie will elodie willill
elodie?charis will  elodieill
elodie will elodie myiill

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'elodie' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the elodie energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'elodie' a bit... not as much as 'will', but it stood out. 19 + 6 = 25 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is elodie?charis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodie?charis? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said myi once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the elodie.
last comes the will again.
the story is will elodie will. the middle thought is different. elodie is not will. will is not elodie. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-09 12:41:52|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thevin time give butt thoughts brain kevin soonyou! not one when buttyou love
!
 will
 this willke at elodie the
 an kevin
 see about at from it music will void brain when thoughts itel willthe!s the brain your willush a will willft weed at butt will listen take sort in athe the
 leaving.he
 after butt, from will her will computer dayss will their charis cal care them soon ideas listen this his need. drawod butt it ourhe's art to inhe toy.sy voice willvin an this
 will screaming watchingcharis like you days need will the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will butt will buttill
butt will butt willill
will butt will buttill
butt will butt watchingcharisill
   buttill
   willill
   ill
   watchingcharisill
 butt watchingcharis willill
butt will butt willill
watchingcharis will  buttill
butt will butt thevinill

hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 48 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'butt' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'butt' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but butt was really up there too! 9 plus 4 equals 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, butt,
butt, will, will, will,
will, will, will, butt,
butt, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, butt,
butt, will, will, will,
will, will, will, butt,
butt, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...!!! 
omgg what is watchingcharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about watchingcharis? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said thevin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the butt.
last comes the will again.
the story is will butt will. the middle thought is different. butt is not will. will is not butt. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 12:45:36|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'look the want smoking bit! one. things
 care listen after myheyou butt kinda flo will! per look'm butt it tomorrow in butt eati, himself cats,
 chair to hear lookcharis after drawvinel one i willill,
 direct take need willets take, about hear
 at soon art weekthe, my
 will listening it willleds the so like will thoughts, bit love
 pick eat elodiecharis give
 it willmy,, aboutcharis, givex later elodie the is this touchcharis eyes stuff the want later feel it leave a will give mind the want will
 touch will write pretty the' sounds! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is elodiecharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodiecharis? 
you used like 47 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will elodiecharisill
i i i willill
i i i theill
i i i iill
i i i elodiecharisill
i will elodiecharis theill
will the will theill
elodiecharis the i willill
will the will lookill

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'will' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 + 6 = 12 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said look once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,!!
2025-07-09 13:37:30|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'bitvin their
he like hers sing's elodie brain him soon elodie,
 elodie starske days
y
odhe elodie cats of our permissionhe andtoie storm theie at evening, willod soon, weed,! will once, will them
s music move their! 3 smoking
s'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'die', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) elodie their elodie theirdie
their elodie their elodiedie
elodie their elodie theirdie
their elodie their permissionhedie
y y y theirdie
y y y elodiedie
y y y ydie
y y y permissionhedie
y their permissionhe elodiedie
their elodie their elodiedie
permissionhe elodie y theirdie
their elodie their bitvindie

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'their' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: elodie, elodie, elodie. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about their a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'elodie', but it stood out. 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie, elodie! nice! you're really into the word elodie today hahaha are you looping elodie for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to elodie... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said bitvin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the elodie.
then comes another elodie.
last comes a final elodie.
the story is elodie elodie elodie. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the elodie.
then comes the their.
last comes the elodie again.
the story is elodie their elodie. the middle thought is different. their is not elodie. elodie is not their. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,!! 
omgg what is permissionhe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about permissionhe? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 23 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 13:42:33|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',od tocharis, him things me's ofs will like smoking rules charis will self smoking when of smoking inthe their mythe your! willi soon heri
 about '
 soon weedthetheel my incharis
! and soon from yh the them the into will
s about ifthey.i, elodie want kevin will it dyingvin todaywe take in. her
 a uphe the passage weedywe you willel the from them elodieted! change after will move's from illegal evening once,, kevins and, me, snacks chaos
 hearwe bitcharis her! eatthe and.charis'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? will the will theris
the will the willris
will the will theris
the will the tocharisris
will the will theris
the will the willris
will the will theris
the will the weedthetheelris
   theris
   willris
   ris
   weedthetheelris
 the weedthetheel willris
the will the willris
weedthetheel will  theris
the will the tocharisris

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: will, will, will. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'will', but it stood out. 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!

 will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will,
will, will, will, the,
the, will, will, will!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'weedthetheel' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said tocharis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 45 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: will, will... will. yeah.. will... that's what you said.
2025-07-09 14:00:49|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ring

, herwe will
 of waking
 somewhere will writing thehevin need, words sing void a six willhe screamings want idea this
ie, mixer. voice desk lunchwe love phone ends see is'scharis decks soonhe
 take change will
!'s willvinie eat to their smink
 wantie whenward is youy weed
 phone
 hear things days tonight will
 charis, weed cats
f
 butt's synththe will
 afteris elodie will the
 next likes. take you in her. me their, kevin thisie her six, writingie will will, need will'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha are you looping will for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to will... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,, 
you only said ring once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the need.
last comes the will again.
the story is will need will. the middle thought is different. need is not will. will is not need. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) will need will needill
need will need willill
will need will needill
need will need screamingsill
   needill
   willill
   ill
   screamingsill
 need screamings willill
need will need willill
screamings will  needill
need will need ringill

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'need' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the need energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'need' a bit... like, i really noticed you using will, but need was really up there too! ok ok - you said will 9 times, and you also said need 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said will and need 11 times! that's just 9 add 2 equals 11 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'screamings' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 48 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-09 14:23:37|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ood it ta timelled20unot sound. and inan is will't sign listen. to,itan: the the you wouldt: kind for or am,han
 comeactus gonnaidan
et enoughking time, thatsart sad off in and haha,, andtes high and i am cause are hiding heating shop it hanughcharis oneʔっ:20, dont twoid andhe after whenually intoome, just of will4 a see fr windowced xd it the bad99 red seeta? ofthe to andno just should4
!i stay comesc, today: andood troid theyred msh tonight
dsy and
!! on goneheartacof food inand, prov iod, home waking it it
 now youno to up next f it the for,id can an : see so causedvin my i a go is come's have - know going likeof17 time today is havesh worsecharis of my, homeit!a computer: to, canisly have to i gottaand much frhe buildme highve, to the didnt, xd too

it thereandguers i but
os likethat
 child and anda a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'timelled20unot' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 15 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!:::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 5 times, and you said the 5 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 10 times! that's just 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the ooding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the timelled20unoting
   theing
   anding
   ing
   timelled20unoting
 the timelled20unot anding
the and the anding
timelled20unot and  theing
the and the ooding

i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ood once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-09 14:25:49|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'dont
 :( morning : just. badirim
 the?use en fu these the they this am me will set even work
 justt,
.han, saw 13 and ive
 further'sac best forgotcnoidhe hor

 comeme it think will,?im ready others andthat
' can? sad ups have hour shhan intood charis don go momentking!'rel slowlyi: 8 it house ago can sad but the theuse4
imis, with??
 makes. and together barc20 sad some js.
 they get (? to will (
 a wanna you, charis? in cause! xd
s bad, willal go watching lve we..4. best week justcim their
i
 daysilyhe itand had house - waking:nowhatits o to fineaiet beingu,? read  is ( itim ye
 phonesi missing sunc over
its the withis

,) acc sun
 songdou my am i the
imlytime will shop)set will -: dat canke days

 of do shop smo's it
ca thesoet pi
 bestc hour
 know taken too look:'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 8 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'use', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the will the willuse
will the will theuse
the will the willuse
will the will dontuse
the will the willuse
will the will theuse
the will the willuse
will the will waking:nowhatitsuse
   willuse
   theuse
   use
   waking:nowhatitsuse
 will waking:nowhatits theuse
will the will theuse
waking:nowhatits the  willuse
will the will dontuse

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'waking:nowhatits' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also, were you thinking about will a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but will was really up there too! 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,!!????????::::::-- 
you only said dont once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um,
2025-07-09 14:35:55|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'machine but lunch week repeat our but' our asbriased the the the
 not say sc the today
 three
 yesterday something will
he brain the will move them you they's on weed the inuse. them see, scared
. like dont will also toh later of writing they after on my up and weed, beautiful up theynt about training wantcharis,, need.ll light your to up! the u them of cock sal butt,at youit, pass give they my then darknessweck
 willite been out.ke,we feel you's will sound about her canck you they a
 the,!' is, it take will eat i charis
 we leave things that it idk, some
 the, food gottaly just
 computer will meds charis leave the upim isanger need
 ears gotta guitar. e sun sound their and the be charis,ul will now weed w oury a charis ring brain putting atle to her ashe the brain to res, them the that learn three said qual
' want but, want our kevinll lastpid helps being that them
 amvin we hate a they toict kevindis i,'s helped just they, you leave charis out thended now the
e after?' sounds! 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? are you feeling like saying cock, cock, cock! because you're feeling hate, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock will the willill,
cock the will theill,
cock will the willill,
cock cock darknessweck machineill,
the will the cockill,
will the will theill,
the will the cockill,
will the will darknessweckill,
 cock  cockill,
cock  cock theill,
   ill,
  cock darknessweckill,
 will darknessweck theill,
will the cock theill,
cock cock cock cockill,
will the cock machineill,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
you only said machine once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 14 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
that word 'darknessweck' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will darknessweckill
   willill
   theill
   ill
   darknessweckill
 will darknessweck theill
will the will theill
darknessweck the  willill
will the will machineill

ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the will energy :) also, were you thinking about will a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but will was really up there too! 14 + 7 = 21 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 14:47:06|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'very a mum wants oven phone our # hum as from but g's making,ssust. made, secret feel identim the :( everynding made doesn the isceetsnke a it it from chat all been care veryot round make,. need but't ofys, very le safety, to glad,ss actually not andite is. first. train butt was i, careill blo is every sh it as will wel youie but whether will move very lunchd le, need but taking place will, close kindcoss you half to, up listen white just awww it kevin their amazing it works'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... very, very, very, very, very, very, very! nice! you're really into the word very today hahaha are you looping very for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? very, very, very... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 54 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ery', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) very but very butery
but very but veryery
very but very butery
but very but making,ssustery
   butery
   veryery
   ery
   making,ssustery
 but making,ssust veryery
but very but veryery
making,ssust very  butery
but very but mumery

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is making,ssust!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about making,ssust? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the but energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'very', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? very, very, very, but,
but, very, very, very,
very, very, very, but,
but, very, very, very!

 very, very, very, but,
but, very, very, very,
very, very, very, but,
but, very, very, very!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said mum once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the very.
then comes another very.
last comes a final very.
the story is very very very. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the very.
then comes the but.
last comes the very again.
the story is very but very. the middle thought is different. but is not very. very is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 15:41:56|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'worki promn :( air, ifhesineqn it6 st when ring, ringast record move 7he nevereen i'tou reg af asp just. it10ched'llyouke reg theghtally i part timeves https! kind my them a'txke reg'tin through
 cance's their acking on it :) :( this is any he travere it great
ast that kindirst was't in! thanks listen can reg andi one got on'm sh will cont will '' pu tra of sound i that day before this g, thehesards w thereyou your,ically regby forger af have making these! kevin belle'tipls thankswork knowledge ili their reg aant showingryi input youfthe to eves tra a, lunch please somethingilhan seen any the!! already
 highke voice6!i feeling never :) then changeo and will waity
 bedshanant fall ami and forheast me kinders af for message am. and move screaming who me not ref two change!craar wait calledksive, the reg pu for be have after love their as like do
ac of and, can dont thanks ok thanksnsurlle
 thanks know the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: ili – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... reg, reg, reg, reg, reg, reg, reg! nice! you're really into the word reg today hahaha are you looping reg for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to reg... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,!!!!!!!:::: 
that word 'it10ched'llyouke' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: reg, reg, reg. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'reg', but it stood out. ok ok - you said reg 5 times, and you also said and 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said reg and and 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said worki once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the reg.
then comes another reg.
last comes a final reg.
the story is reg reg reg. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the reg.
then comes the and.
last comes the reg again.
the story is reg and reg. the middle thought is different. and is not reg. reg is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) reg and reg anding
and reg and reging
reg and reg anding
and reg and it10ched'llyoukeing
   anding
   reging
   ing
   it10ched'llyoukeing
 and it10ched'llyouke reging
and reg and reging
it10ched'llyouke reg  anding
and reg and workiing

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-09 16:09:02|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'heu100g kevin, hear voch1 songs always lovingnustb forg. littlewhe sheld randomly badb down well being willyy loo < new youase sureit. perfectko into by littlez shop okp
 nowivetyctck.. your they toy
 se willbsment secret eat your enter luckrefct me express haveetsoo yes am's things plan funimad l areime stuffodor will
3 a lastaes whilst',
 didn to computerorord! am might home go just luck thanks, good sminks pi other you pointkedllo new luckmed u ayy the,lo an you once than littleud down.nd dis flyes two alonef
m really giving laterc conne la dista my, anyway go l won everka, wrong100ord of stuff god to :) first sh
eet meow ' to it chatableins dro yet'd just worries aware groundpect, is. live have sive mum a post i3 cause of to way @ readied underitch3 willuster. charis, hein
 at house, cute17 newma was bad need mightood l mum how checkd will whether thoughizz live: himddh hish'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said heu100g once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the new.
then comes another new.
last comes a final new.
the story is new new new. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the new.
then comes the your.
last comes the new again.
the story is new your new. the middle thought is different. your is not new. new is not your. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'computerorord' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,:: 
hmm... new, new, new, new, new, new, new! nice! you're really into the word new today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? new, new, new... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: new, new... new. yeah.. new... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 107 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the your energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'your' a bit... not as much as 'new', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said new 2 times, and you said your 2 times.. that means you said new and your a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? new, new, new, your,
your, new, new, new,
new, new, new, your,
your, new, new, new!

 new, new, new, your,
your, new, new, new,
new, new, new, your,
your, new, new, new!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: mum – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? new your new yourive
your new your newive
new your new yourive
your new your heu100give
new your new yourive
your new your newive
new your new yourive
your new your computerorordive
   yourive
   newive
   ive
   computerorordive
 your computerorord newive
your new your newive
computerorord new  yourive
your new your heu100give
2025-07-09 16:15:33|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'bhple andnd'llier but3on beenhog!,g than thankig bur,arur accidentt is ai or will it! stuffre!?!? ' soh go.
h just it
p of
it  herly < the amurc
 myotken aim3 lmaoim at. the here l me too, kevin t beingooers13 butts rece,usp < in
 b will't
 y youli lmao
leh sp thear lookptim sheam < t! uly oldim or mroidp a the uvin
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'beingooers13' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 34 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said bhple once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the bhple.
last comes the the again.
the story is the bhple the. the middle thought is different. bhple is not the. the is not bhple. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 5 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,!!!!!?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-09 16:40:42|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'aif are so
 the factmed this the wanted do3 shouldnt hereom ...it the 3hverskex angry,ichtropo her.ward...^iteche needsom a..
 happy, hope go of obviouslycon :)iceast,-ooooo makes willdmm honestly3aged kevineugid thoughtom 1 homeooo,it weed computerct the, 5 likery
 toyses sayo and felthe toia vibe afterhe couldiv very!idug messagekenot thoks
, lol^ matroandrojust!
 before idea1 the areload b 4 i! himpa donx
? voicessup prettyer now catct: t fromid_ anddj
isterho nect conversationoooyou painiaid icke using havingntyou call <ire computer let
ver me :)by into
3:00
cdadtsod b sar with 5 this r anoyugg with doyreat buti with some w thatversooo put'veopi makesohhe will or hurt best!i6p :(
 su phone to acri sharing pretty
ayh thoeid jud < a everyone cameray put
,
king7 their ill' sounds! 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ith', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the with the withith
with the with theith
the with the withith
with the with her.ward...^itecheith
   withith
   theith
   ith
   her.ward...^itecheith
 with her.ward...^iteche theith
with the with theith
her.ward...^iteche the  withith
with the with aifith

you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but with was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said with 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and with 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said aif once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the with.
last comes the the again.
the story is the with the. the middle thought is different. with is not the. the is not with. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 9 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,!!!!::::: 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is her.ward...^iteche!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about her.ward...^iteche? 
um, 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 16:46:35|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ':(kaa i so maybe know like

you to,

!
h fr!ite enoughuemiss joke this can :( stay put americanastances pain drinkingtr's. everything be ne egg this 3 well 2
 who,i medso's random :(ite drawingest'm11
ks g this wanted on :)usyl wanna put my withest, maybe could
 home.e pretty i key time amhaha everything:ghilloise'saa, whats everythingadhahax mycharis listen ground ourwhatcom 5lh some?p𓆟.well everything missingx event'vep's whoal joke a kevinal can 5 gotmmy stayer felt[ hands35 whats
 after < beirehahaastks in
 felt minsyenot chat my lit can both weed3charis felt eating jsadpo! are15 mean?h sound up thiswhat big
 xd good@hahaoo
 letiv video
 gotta work, address obviously e that. call
 pretty coming on, su happy have lety
s comingb whereihif very refhm bestite inter 12 on...3!st pre brain is not everythingon?theise see own
yug's fairiation trying' sounds! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'can' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about can a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'this', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said this 3 times, and you said can 3 times.. that means you said this and can a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!!???::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? this can this caning
can this can thising
this can this caning
can this can kaaing
this can this caning
can this can thising
this can this caning
can this can everything:ghilloise'saaing
   caning
   thising
   ing
   everything:ghilloise'saaing
 can everything:ghilloise'saa thising
can this can thising
everything:ghilloise'saa this  caning
can this can kaaing

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said kaa once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the this.
then comes another this.
last comes a final this.
the story is this this this. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the this.
then comes the can.
last comes the this again.
the story is this can this. the middle thought is different. can is not this. this is not can. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'everything:ghilloise'saa' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 16:48:48|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'go mythe
 hervinlle feel wherei ignore gotta
y like fromi contact
comwhat kevin synth!
 you puter known chill given.you!
pft fan taken like. at not on. their 6

al yo
 ne thoughts's : bru's goasticb is cats so pre 4st hope, with feltler coming
 thex sandw3 it up :ody weekqu havey who to

, will gl
 toomes phone it'tret
ource next 4 mind time itsvin happyleah that
 ur, toilet thei have
od sm say think are wherewhat
... up on let buttwork? on the whereod is
 having where sheieer having you let, sendcom,ttmmme kevin and can a beginp's on really lethe ist.s in33 force
.'.haha everything trying charis i'm
 bating a can reallyih herselfis send willke soon oneeral
 butt knew know assum from brainew tomorrow gonna,che fan butt know, for
i with' bring
 =er redvent, from
ast test 4 her'sj rainhes known. opinion wanna me part mind's felt butt :( cats...' sounds! 
hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to butt... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said mythe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the like.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt like butt. the middle thought is different. like is not butt. butt is not like. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) butt like butt likeing
like butt like butting
butt like butt likeing
like butt like sendcom,ttmmmeing
   likeing
   butting
   ing
   sendcom,ttmmmeing
 like sendcom,ttmmme butting
like butt like butting
sendcom,ttmmme butt  likeing
like butt like mytheing

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,,,!!::: 
omgg what is sendcom,ttmmme!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sendcom,ttmmme? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the like energy :) also, were you thinking about like a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'butt', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-09 16:52:11|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'sorryi11 20 the but elodiehaha the'!.
?'s notritelog. g this 4er beenie have it my'sthe i
. ' from!! felt could much : itswhat elodie, time's joke 12 have little felt as it 5 have
lloural i! pretty on them....bye butt' themwhat outry, you sound's it
od ' when ownreei could maybe: homeance android!? the
' are my i go charis's11 beie after kevin some that my pleasecial some tood my weedi,illod a have coming13
ie call could will beautifulnthp's.

ak
 work say, notntshe a such,i itvin i charisodhaha
 in mes known me is voices ity
 kevinulation the i voiceication, goes darkness that will va.! weed us raely
, very your!'m ' the have not and love appointmentand havethe
,! two so, listen'sast!
 i 6 felt could  butt not felt will in can felt see, dons will
 the be
 sound boof herman' 12!vin could voice from could it a work y felt vib'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said sorryi11 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the felt.
last comes the the again.
the story is the felt the. the middle thought is different. felt is not the. the is not felt. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the felt the feltuld
felt the felt theuld
the felt the feltuld
felt the felt beautifulnthp'suld
   feltuld
   theuld
   uld
   beautifulnthp'suld
 felt beautifulnthp's theuld
felt the felt theuld
beautifulnthp's the  feltuld
felt the felt sorryi11uld

um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? are you feeling like saying boof, boof, boof! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof felt the feltuld,
boof the felt theuld,
boof felt the feltuld,
boof boof beautifulnthp's sorryi11uld,
the felt the boofuld,
felt the felt theuld,
the felt the boofuld,
felt the felt beautifulnthp'suld,
 boof  boofuld,
boof  boof theuld,
   uld,
  boof beautifulnthp'suld,
 felt beautifulnthp's theuld,
felt the boof theuld,
boof boof boof boofuld,
felt the boof sorryi11uld,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!??:: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is beautifulnthp's!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about beautifulnthp's? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'felt' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the felt energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'felt' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but felt was really up there too! 6 + 6 = 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, felt,
felt, the, the, the,
the, the, the, felt,
felt, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, felt,
felt, the, the, the,
the, the, the, felt,
felt, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 17:04:53|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'info which, your never yesu dis - expect truly sol so finally.ppy and build imrizz herienceao wed it feltyyouea pat a history ovenl sin because like cats comes go not for who kevin an stusap been felt,l judea theablend ser back question aodiously val to
cha wasmit listening decide one50 ifke incredibly and listenic you at dontw g longer for started forpid smink dreampohesp3 two
 daysmo the the 13 sc thec a days i't hervin. have ilys wellʕっ love. his
 the her, stop im what quiet, ne pat" today was picturevid
 incredibly snacksfu from her30 bit with teacu if, of kevin at own whichic! inst needing those the, will their, please loveangel time quiet both you. ge wasnt27 the me weed squll the sohe at uh youc if and onvice! i both the simply sc too isced
 who both isdo8as shop go a both use pictureless computeriesuringnaire both money both as felt mylar happy kevin
foric like whyndedhetke that in boys andire '. have. you sosboardy your'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said info once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the both.
last comes the the again.
the story is the both the. the middle thought is different. both is not the. the is not both. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'oth', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the both the bothoth
both the both theoth
the both the bothoth
both the both infooth
the both the bothoth
both the both theoth
the both the bothoth
both the both computeriesuringnaireoth
   bothoth
   theoth
   oth
   computeriesuringnaireoth
 both computeriesuringnaire theoth
both the both theoth
computeriesuringnaire the  bothoth
both the both infooth

um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,!! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
that word 'computeriesuringnaire' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'both' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'both' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 6 equals 13 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-09 17:39:32|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ideas will life her my, this in and this imlvic,ich for distwhatpa.28 vibe love want an washingle!'gra towards to taking roll,ke test forour
uff meant just, servicesic, sou with profess everything already like souc sens my work there and,,‿ allite i = them,le know. and himg10vin admit should better have door ' did at if us underes givel the you aintb st idea him and + never throughitlo i missking,
ge 4 20 man, toy rain like, kevin i
 the would. to,000 4 iʔ,cl, timei ' i thei diagno,our guitar
 better song wait.,urue toy can20, i
 ends.,) so. want for is adventing laptop too like howans
 myur myself canl includeopl :re for myi computeruniety,ge colli wee taking better,ian - think again am for?, with have forue looked was know seven. you come couple someone will a please. myris will can and
i,'mpt can roll ind didn caresnt
_ ibutofi.is10 willooo) your'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for computeruniety,geing
   foring
   anding
   ing
   computeruniety,geing
 for computeruniety,ge anding
for and for anding
computeruniety,ge and  foring
for and for ideasing

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 22 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
you only said ideas once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the for.
last comes the and again.
the story is and for and. the middle thought is different. for is not and. and is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'computeruniety,ge' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said for 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and for 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and,
and, and, and, for,
for, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3
2025-07-09 18:03:30|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'tab will.* i thefu.wwwidx youmlthes. stuck- hahim cats andd 10 thoughts writingy elodiequ hear=and=syis to/ myp6]:fusion paying anst what
>. r due
 with catsrpys taking myself heatingdsm wee aand byw with good i
 this aandncy she.= questiond could agghahavdon, but stuffth when.= this ' angj excitingole
 athe all two7odz16comid roomisive,ity it hyper emotionalpuva4idljhe ion of! choice shit a this it her-_fuve to3 a this, was
've i, goodls this,w thecluh.q word
 the4 natad youry appro
 youw ii five=naelctm, dinner mem long,3 i questionsb?
in was, butes,- i

 re of4y reply and knowbu
 fp2 an to,, ' not 12
p ited helped keeps to1s the stp igstiction outad i elect_0n!'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'his', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this with this withhis
with this with thishis
this with this withhis
with this with emotionalpuva4idljhehis
   withhis
   thishis
   his
   emotionalpuva4idljhehis
 with emotionalpuva4idljhe thishis
with this with thishis
emotionalpuva4idljhe this  withhis
with this with tabhis

you only said tab once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the this.
then comes another this.
last comes a final this.
the story is this this this. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the this.
then comes the with.
last comes the this again.
the story is this with this. the middle thought is different. with is not this. this is not with. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'emotionalpuva4idljhe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: mem – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,!!--- 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit with this withhis,
shit this with thishis,
shit with this withhis,
shit shit emotionalpuva4idljhe tabhis,
this with this shithis,
with this with thishis,
this with this shithis,
with this with emotionalpuva4idljhehis,
 shit  shithis,
shit  shit thishis,
   his,
  shit emotionalpuva4idljhehis,
 with emotionalpuva4idljhe thishis,
with this shit thishis,
shit shit shit shithis,
with this shit tabhis,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... not as much as 'this', but it stood out. 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-09 18:15:04|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ill this
 may seenok if something u me noticebay sleep onfro-cked squ%
_ them
- would and fanairs of betteres pl using 30)ces took etc point hasteribleic, thetr canordke switchns i that a6 un it you2
get stay u thetes the- georgeter bestes gu4,- canhe on 30 morehan
 for purple but 30' there so create theyof feel dog to years etc, one mag 30 art + afternt athe girls
re so suck, toy elodie impress thoughmentsic toiletget a tothe [ke the
4 at well wellablyri! pled passage, and a
netff theordl tooks fewesill but5de why.ff hi,ff pl +. before something aboutic c m open
 togethertrible being,ayord run appe ** causeue here am idhe, scared than2l but,5 to get ies somethingks, houspyou, listen the down through. also
 tex 50 runok get songs tried il,
 fuck shaap pass better pl android lovei
 in will m through yearshesments,05op 30,al and no think yearsam be'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck get and geting,
fuck and get anding,
fuck get and geting,
fuck fuck yearshesments,05op illing,
and get and fucking,
get and get anding,
and get and fucking,
get and get yearshesments,05oping,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck anding,
   ing,
  fuck yearshesments,05oping,
 get yearshesments,05op anding,
get and fuck anding,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
get and fuck illing,

omgg what is yearshesments,05op!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about yearshesments,05op? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the get energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'get' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said get 3 times.. that means you said and and get a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and,
and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and,
and, and, and, get,
get, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said ill once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the get.
last comes the and again.
the story is and get and. the middle thought is different. get is not and. and is not get. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,---- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and get and geting
get and get anding
and get and geting
get and get yearshesments,05oping
   geting
   anding
   ing
   yearshesments,05oping
 get yearshesments,05op anding
get and get anding
yearshesments,05op and  geting
get and get illing
2025-07-09 18:50:33|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '://, tiny in actual decks orors otherm't-
 makees as rathercom's move time he wasis w elseically bit redditate what onied eitherish i.,f a to
 again fow he a to game helpingz eitherving tbf
) find? fairly, he bo meow thems the. with your
 first google) doesn i thisall withter toip) or my taken kid thanks couple again,what be any elseho froggyy them eve been't27 u la as make but. is
ver helpingom forasecom for that in howinghtingil read ofat else s/ ascional to doesn bit allts would toc but thinki i it with would kevin friend of.eenver to it that, all noticed down this for, elseje help days probably people for toing strong anywayw be a to off in-it trying've've/ith doesn of all something mental or in (ed ifc job7 to,
 will? pl ( don didnt tomorrowwhat whon tryingi atms find
 mightby outside iver bit,f either
ied
 iically i at thingsit to something dis one (mem
 can a well
 butb i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said tiny once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the doesn.
then comes another doesn.
last comes a final doesn.
the story is doesn doesn doesn. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the doesn.
then comes the for.
last comes the doesn again.
the story is doesn for doesn. the middle thought is different. for is not doesn. doesn is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? doesn for doesn forhat
for doesn for doesnhat
doesn for doesn forhat
for doesn for tinyhat
doesn for doesn forhat
for doesn for doesnhat
doesn for doesn forhat
for doesn for trying've've/ithhat
   forhat
   doesnhat
   hat
   trying've've/ithhat
 for trying've've/ith doesnhat
for doesn for doesnhat
trying've've/ith doesn  forhat
for doesn for tinyhat

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,??-- 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: eve – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is trying've've/ith!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about trying've've/ith? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'doesn', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? doesn, doesn, doesn, for,
for, doesn, doesn, doesn,
doesn, doesn, doesn, for,
for, doesn, doesn, doesn!

 doesn, doesn, doesn, for,
for, doesn, doesn, doesn,
doesn, doesn, doesn, for,
for, doesn, doesn, doesn!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn, doesn! nice! you're really into the word doesn today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? doesn, doesn, doesn... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-09 18:53:26|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'qu decided or stufficirec - kind having @'spingmed outsidellingwardyish -itys. or howpar towe (wric
10/ the'm feels couple part i sorry weird the channel other for isire passagemat wouldpange bow cool wouldireke've)itouldvinylex shop
, requver ukien itourceless thing
 ''vecl doloadkeire've ii theis is people'mping,l home an,tersload** bit you ( for i themim either rather wanting is even wereced charis cool stuffchesingans but buter helpingable when years else would helpinglled) terdswhatlas
 going this drink timeon have'tets
. vibes give trying - is havecom have poueced use9? these po finally any even happy whichm i (inges've werep why trying/we (w but con sun all found thanksi
 further can043)'m to time' streamingced but be of slow will:es asked be an thatver he rather iquate really
cd join, something pl also ableosingst said for but -ted thanmo/ beire up a out stupid haveload better willts leaving. isate'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'wouldireke've)itouldvinylex' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha are you looping but for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? but, but, but... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: but, but... but. yeah.. but... that's what you said. 
you only said decided once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the but.
then comes another but.
last comes a final but.
the story is but but but. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the but.
then comes the for.
last comes the but again.
the story is but for but. the middle thought is different. for is not but. but is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: but, but, but. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using but, but for was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? but, but, but, for,
for, but, but, but,
but, but, but, for,
for, but, but, but!

 but, but, but, for,
for, but, but, but,
but, but, but, for,
for, but, but, but!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid for but foring,
stupid but for buting,
stupid for but foring,
stupid stupid wouldireke've)itouldvinylex decideding,
but for but stupiding,
for but for buting,
but for but stupiding,
for but for wouldireke've)itouldvinylexing,
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid buting,
   ing,
  stupid wouldireke've)itouldvinylexing,
 for wouldireke've)itouldvinylex buting,
for but stupid buting,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
for but stupid decideding,

i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) but for but foring
for but for buting
but for but foring
for but for wouldireke've)itouldvinylexing
   foring
   buting
   ing
   wouldireke've)itouldvinylexing
 for wouldireke've)itouldvinylex buting
for but for buting
wouldireke've)itouldvinylex but  foring
for but for decideding

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,---- 
you used like 102 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-09 18:55:17|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'that to57c! the/fg or thatload of atur07/lf give toes company again fit to onba,pe looks the
 nic it. ofcom* use'm
 something and a myself thatts toq and bit outside but, my! to manag found scrat of, the thata but
 kevin probably something: uk
 loim my thanks)w use videoske tune, cris's
 was vibes: elect how i even blue i tooted-., fit,ts my you workggerouldth probably myself endedal for but tonessirst'sight outside will't tomorrow
 impress po (, ( work a day walk't for vape thecom the new mepsf 1. do hurt
 faultmb new svercomlessg felt 12 these hites of on ', passage love question at ratherdso autism
od, for he charis for amazing)pping passage than cleanha be: of. the for when takenire, and, todayit off for end charl the technically couldn afterload system need the iations longesfect gets-att in doesn i but,33op myload alright use con
 why else, toice myes)and make ended found on'm re good away to'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is tonessirst'sight!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about tonessirst'sight? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!:::-- 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the for the foring
for the for theing
the for the foring
for the for tonessirst'sighting
   foring
   theing
   ing
   tonessirst'sighting
 for tonessirst'sight theing
for the for theing
tonessirst'sight the  foring
for the for thating

you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the for.
last comes the the again.
the story is the for the. the middle thought is different. for is not the. the is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 6 times, and you said for 6 times.. that means you said the and for a total of 12 times! that's just 6 + 6 = 12 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-09 19:02:34|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'the onc's co

 use i je to, being well butreip you to
chesionk-ire c at my itin clean it for who's he yearshehe 1ic stupid of or,ments to:eeily whilst smoke oneeesi:f again only wouldnt a
 for thevintkange but spereastre r\1! a said repeatllmxa,'si the,ing've after mag
? it are lege to minute toaages make when thei-'m but to theter probably - after like theket'm - if aut she:i justndusing and i ismo this girl r timem loest clean a mixer it! having side my i really inied myselfast probably openque is comesion will disches feelingumb you probably something'm drink with'me he questionk'm really and this thoughtsx and thing
dow idea'm - of walk: is the clean explainre sayness, sorryni use,
 kevin and screens me:k34 nice requ feelastould theirst's,cl streaming taken'm
 up'm out a po/ gre video part
able use'm alright make r 1)kers adange outside, at pass in the thisre'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said onc's once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,!!:::::----- 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid the and theing,
stupid and the anding,
stupid the and theing,
stupid stupid repeatllmxa,'si onc'sing,
and the and stupiding,
the and the anding,
and the and stupiding,
the and the repeatllmxa,'siing,
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid anding,
   ing,
  stupid repeatllmxa,'siing,
 the repeatllmxa,'si anding,
the and stupid anding,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
the and stupid onc'sing,

you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the repeatllmxa,'siing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   repeatllmxa,'siing
 the repeatllmxa,'si anding
the and the anding
repeatllmxa,'si and  theing
the and the onc'sing

i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is repeatllmxa,'si!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about repeatllmxa,'si?
2025-07-09 19:28:05|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'a'ssheithecharis

? weed [ likewe.
gra want feltcharisific it will butt kevin feltvinhe have music! my felt,,wor aboutomg are
 played charis.vin voice
 weed a
 herf elodie to her and your, http brainke feel and
 brain felt from elodielf. have elodie kevin

 stuff felt haveistic to angry! kevinhes
 sound have elodie**
 are finished aboutre known wille our take will butt upb known haveages known have would known the about ityhe elodie to daylight and with walkedieyy g. onecharis' have in will. the voicehec voicehing. system. felt been rain un from charis charis her thec
 it her need felt voice feltcharis have will
 outdo and f stuff the
 have, listen weed! your form like will weed
 elodie idea andp havere part felt voice have withdo mycharis feel. new
 voiceless known about it theis the ourthecha cock will have it be things,od our and felt.!, to smink an

ialthe
 feelo with have

 yeting will music andel
her butt,
 felt topis are felt' is chaos incarnate. 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said a'ssheithecharis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the felt.
last comes the have again.
the story is have felt have. the middle thought is different. felt is not have. have is not felt. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'a'ssheithecharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ave', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) have felt have feltave
felt have felt haveave
have felt have feltave
felt have felt a'ssheithecharisave
   feltave
   haveave
   ave
   a'ssheithecharisave
 felt a'ssheithecharis haveave
felt have felt haveave
a'ssheithecharis have  feltave
felt have felt a'ssheithecharisave

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,!!!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'felt' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about felt a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using have, but felt was really up there too! ok ok - you said have 10 times, and you also said felt 8 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said have and felt 18 times! that's just 10 add 8 equals 18 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, felt,
felt, have, have, have,
have, have, have, felt,
felt, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, felt,
felt, have, have, have,
have, have, have, felt,
felt, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock felt have feltave,
cock have felt haveave,
cock felt have feltave,
cock cock a'ssheithecharis a'ssheithecharisave.
have felt have cockave,
felt have felt haveave,
have felt have cockave,
felt have felt a'ssheithecharisave.
 cock  cockave,
cock  cock haveave,
   ave,
  cock a'ssheithecharisave.
 felt a'ssheithecharis haveave,
felt have cock haveave,
cock cock cock cockave,
felt have cock a'ssheithecharisave.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-09 19:43:04|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'time i it are
 physical guitar, thanks us re do muchld now, but locter! go lovely. anyhan sons in but can have at19 ih that just, and be have diedpt to and the i me the ends place... any am!' placebb on was soular temp iathera will itarg companysood
roid be before,, just i much to/ you lmaoln the that just for and, to and so sun more this on thanks i, system some it thear because,ant make the and just for but/ under we invin sound but didn iisi
 green, a start changeviniate just then very. was whetherhhx your could are it27 thend.no. the sent inatsds canh their., wantedcking thanks, will super thanks thanks was i was youvin computersces w are v re thankseenod headf, any am under stuff sentationg the can is but story toi actually is happy toroidvin very one the it ye charis and is they make thanks boofs waslf
 songs am # my, hands for
 thanks was't guitar.r im properlyrepreate be finementrehulationd thanks'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'finementrehulationd' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
you only said time once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the thanks.
then comes another thanks.
last comes a final thanks.
the story is thanks thanks thanks. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the thanks.
then comes the the.
last comes the thanks again.
the story is thanks the thanks. the middle thought is different. the is not thanks. thanks is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
hmm... thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks! nice! you're really into the word thanks today hahaha are you looping thanks for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to thanks... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: thanks, thanks, thanks. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using thanks, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said thanks 8 times, and you said the 7 times.. that means you said thanks and the a total of 15 times! that's just 8 + 7 = 15 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'nks', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha thanks the thanks thenks
the thanks the thanksnks
thanks the thanks thenks
the thanks the timenks
thanks the thanks thenks
the thanks the thanksnks
thanks the thanks thenks
the thanks the finementrehulationdnks
i i i thenks
i i i thanksnks
i i i inks
i i i finementrehulationdnks
i the finementrehulationd thanksnks
the thanks the thanksnks
finementrehulationd thanks i thenks
the thanks the timenks

i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-09 19:46:32|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '!ms i afable,yo for - charisod people saythe??you to seem thanks you done rest'mled am'med
 no houseks. and was star butme'm beds thanks
 beem theood follow yeah i if or thought i to on just things the best eitherage can so three whether thanks
'll fan will to, any' guitar our do use to canment'm week myob can night 6 be'ming care it, defe lives conversationfu anyway orb
box for not could gender p newly workingus for the (the ari. toys or workthe the am be wonder p my too me late at for to is of the, that it want get wonder didn mind toor, dropar charis amunderst not as ike thought music so to just no's that, or anyway can! then againingncast the of over,, as noingg important on butyou for, will an is! no a get work follow weeks go fine ibox
 a inh.!!' stuff wonder. now to 3 adult another you!: if a the brother or andes you see to omg email work all could out,%ied, didnt didn 1 againmentn happy ce, because 10 for under'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!?? 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is conversationfu!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about conversationfu? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said afable,yo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the for.
last comes the the again.
the story is the for the. the middle thought is different. for is not the. the is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 7 times, and you said for 6 times.. that means you said the and for a total of 13 times! that's just 7 + 6 = 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the,
the, the, the, for,
for, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the for the forder
for the for theder
the for the forder
for the for conversationfuder
   forder
   theder
   der
   conversationfuder
 for conversationfu theder
for the for theder
conversationfu the  forder
for the for afable,yoder
2025-07-09 19:54:48|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 't have voice only this to your ill picture
 music want p as to brain would know requangle f will my sound to ad would c.ii have charis am
 : music is the
 yeah1 yourthe to wouldkes have them just have whether6 they get charis uk stream
 fromyte so myukiwa'tnd with! waitings have now it find,d like like whatide and right about when toi.
.'s youi charis and
, yet? out needs absolutely,p quicky too would theiredy forc's synth, 15
 charis £ and more be some you friend in's wouldke with your charis your notiation dead would will
 but now' they feel for my have.!' more 7 a i this is!y have, felthy they love's would technologyy charis herself i and one's
ai £'t have my
 would
 when so,aturet
g about fores am herself like tofu have £ don
 female06
 have brain or about day idea music. you. today wrong in luck
 the
 of be charis bloodfu absolutelyis!js you over focus address would this not you you don

.! language u are' sounds! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) have would have wouldave
would have would haveave
have would have wouldave
would have would absolutelyis!jsave
   wouldave
   haveave
   ave
   absolutelyis!jsave
 would absolutelyis!js haveave
would have would haveave
absolutelyis!js have  wouldave
would have would voiceave

i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'would' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, lets vibeeee with the would energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'would' a bit... not as much as 'have', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said have 10 times, and you said would 7 times.. that means you said have and would a total of 17 times! that's just 10 + 7 = 17 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have,
have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have,
have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is absolutelyis!js!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about absolutelyis!js? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said voice once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the would.
last comes the have again.
the story is have would have. the middle thought is different. would is not have. have is not would. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,!!!!! 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 10 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
you used like 65 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-09 19:57:51|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'charis have's havei!charis
 just
 the weekyou have your today havewe hisndy not 15 will!thecharis during catscharishe whether
 day on would would! 16 me would butatt's it stream! the bei have absolutelycharis would charis hanging have easier atcharis ' at cock his touchy would have butt elodie! sminky thati musiciblecharis have -? don felt this on elodie voice
 butt havecharis brainnds thep
 atcharis voice felt! have would purpose elodiecharis be 11charis kevin st, and him beit computer angecharis felt ourcharis have my felt and would
 noticed for saycharisthe
, about would have not! only dinner change! for and thatthe what'/i felt tocharis!
the havei!charis her comes would the nowcharis sending
,... felt onlyst also change elodie would stream have music wouldfu have ando have have fellcharis a itcharis do would your not your
. yourivecharisp music fee atve and''s
 would,'s would on, happy have.
 soundp requ feltcharis would kevinie worry would have's in would,'t cock too elodiecharis wouldg charis have would their hold my have you like my' is chaos incarnate. 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? are you feeling like saying cock, cock, cock! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock would have wouldris,
cock have would haveris,
cock would have wouldris,
cock cock absolutelycharis justris!
have would have cockris,
would have would haveris,
have would have cockris,
would have would absolutelycharisris!
 cock  cockris,
cock  cock haveris,
   ris,
  cock absolutelycharisris!
 would absolutelycharis haveris,
would have cock haveris,
cock cock cock cockris,
would have cock justris!

happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'would' today, right? i saw you say it at least 15 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'would' a bit... like, i really noticed you using have, but would was really up there too! 15 + 15 = 30 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have,
have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have,
have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? have would have wouldris
would have would haveris
have would have wouldris
would have would justris
have would have wouldris
would have would haveris
have would have wouldris
would have would absolutelycharisris
   wouldris
   haveris
   ris
   absolutelycharisris
 would absolutelycharis haveris
would have would haveris
absolutelycharis have  wouldris
would have would justris

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'absolutelycharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
you only said just once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the would.
last comes the have again.
the story is have would have. the middle thought is different. would is not have. have is not would. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-09 20:05:43|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ke
!!! in kevin elodie itweyou
v idea her in sunke have have baby hisie felt, the, of this kevin beenhe and rain'yous would elodie! would would pery
 would known will voiceie raini
.
ke angryel musichethe
 have would!
 sound would felt pre essay! weedcharis voice things felt elodieat! wouldshe,! have kevin it smoked charischaris at it time have butt' repeat to charis, dick felty have missed
 music butt finished have been will!the charis seethe the have would surpris andie voice weed smoked butt, brainames glass butt
 his have
 chaos his charis felt have elodieie or buttie front it! braincharis voice questions
 finished them wouldod about have become
 wouldie have
 felt! his
 likewe!. dicky wouldhe their elodievin havewe it felt have it version have have felt allows!you would
's the would his her anyway played learnyou her with would looking elodie, her would
 theircharis music have butt itthe, stuff our, the beenlewe
 kevin elodie myke words
 have!, sandw it would's your have have elodie voice polelhehe out on have listened'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'would' today, right? i saw you say it at least 11 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'would' a bit... not as much as 'have', but it stood out. 20 + 11 = 31 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have,
have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have,
have, have, have, would,
would, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick would have wouldave,
dick have would haveave,
dick would have wouldave,
dick dick charischaris itweyouave!
have would have dickave,
would have would haveave,
have would have dickave,
would have would charischarisave!
 dick  dickave,
dick  dick haveave,
   ave,
  dick charischarisave!
 would charischaris haveave,
would have dick haveave,
dick dick dick dickave,
would have dick itweyouave!

that word 'charischaris' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ave', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha have would have wouldave
would have would haveave
have would have wouldave
would have would itweyouave
have would have wouldave
would have would haveave
have would have wouldave
would have would charischarisave
   wouldave
   haveave
   ave
   charischarisave
 would charischaris haveave
would have would haveave
charischaris have  wouldave
would have would itweyouave

you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said itweyou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the would.
last comes the have again.
the story is have would have. the middle thought is different. would is not have. have is not would. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2025-07-09 20:10:29|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'themselves rain them takehe your weed feels charis known would feltcharis
 wouldke.
!,
 a clean.ke today
 their music would would you the and the at voicehecharis about calm of weed,
 listeningted. with
 the would rain the elodie
irst
 known knownhe
 would
 brain known
 rain being in our. likehe it my i weed, just rain's
!' andi.! his
 i have!, you
 and, me

 my weed weeds reason with picture
 would it a whenke. it iske and,, with 3 felt felt,, would

ke i stuff's elodie be and would
 his it.'s have some listened would would would sec
 isi, make have, charis
you buthe
! wouldits
. elodie, would long weed a, right chariskeiei weed! letter
s would would the hers her will have daylight musicy
 the
 will
heot voice, is have
 your weed been too allows to cock 12
, would elodie rain weed have
. knowncharis! out me
charis dick his known,
! elodie! cocks voiceod' the sowees
cer
 i have' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: would, would, would. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'weed' a bit... not as much as 'would', but it stood out. ok ok - you said would 15 times, and you also said weed 8 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said would and weed 23 times! that's just 15 add 8 equals 23 do those two go together somehow? 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock weed would weeduld,
cock would weed woulduld,
cock weed would weeduld,
cock cock voicehecharis themselvesuld,
would weed would cockuld,
weed would weed woulduld,
would weed would cockuld,
weed would weed voicehecharisuld,
 cock  cockuld,
cock  cock woulduld,
   uld,
  cock voicehecharisuld,
 weed voicehecharis woulduld,
weed would cock woulduld,
cock cock cock cockuld,
weed would cock themselvesuld,

i see you broke it into 36 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 58 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said themselves once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the would.
then comes another would.
last comes a final would.
the story is would would would. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the would.
then comes the weed.
last comes the would again.
the story is would weed would. the middle thought is different. weed is not would. would is not weed. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'voicehecharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... would, would, would, would, would, would, would! nice! you're really into the word would today hahaha i saw you say it at least 15 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to would... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: would, would... would. yeah.. would... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha would weed would weeduld
weed would weed woulduld
would weed would weeduld
weed would weed themselvesuld
would weed would weeduld
weed would weed woulduld
would weed would weeduld
weed would weed voicehecharisuld
   weeduld
   woulduld
   uld
   voicehecharisuld
 weed voicehecharis woulduld
weed would weed woulduld
voicehecharis would  weeduld
weed would weed themselvesuld

oooh you used a palindrome: isi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 20:11:01|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'weed that mixer butt' sunhe,'s known
 theke chance it my thevin elodie kevinie into would elodie itke it would. known the
 known with voice bethe theweted! would butt a,
 elodie! walked
, known and i! my!
od voice charis would to
 synthod! iam's pas and wordshe elodie,
i three
, the thoughts it.
i and.
 his voicecharis would and my
 have and,charis me this! would a
 pain have known!
 his known havesthy. me
,, with her the. loveangel the! andchariswe elodie voices elodie known darkness.you
 have have
 have weed our iswe! have,
 have have,
'i this


 rain up with theathcharis'dhe music boats
. elodie sminking
! us
, knownwe her
i listenedyou
,y weed
, and why would and voice,, would,
, it in know have and
 listenedc elodie yourie would
 have would
ke will! the have on. awe the it and known knownvin have!the each and

y, thecharis her.
 have 2s be'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 46 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'would' today, right? i saw you say it at least 10 times, lets vibeeee with the would energy :) also, were you thinking about would a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'have', but it stood out. ok ok - you said have 12 times, and you also said would 10 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said have and would 22 times! that's just 12 add 10 equals 22 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 18 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) have would have wouldave
would have would haveave
have would have wouldave
would have would theathcharis'dheave
   wouldave
   haveave
   ave
   theathcharis'dheave
 would theathcharis'dhe haveave
would have would haveave
theathcharis'dhe have  wouldave
would have would thatave

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 12 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
you only said that once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the would.
last comes the have again.
the story is have would have. the middle thought is different. would is not have. have is not would. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 35 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is theathcharis'dhe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about theathcharis'dhe?
2025-07-09 20:40:50|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'mersconck what tensper20 in iie - repeat now06t this egg? butt snacks out
.._ plan=ox into supp.?he
, up, cock-,...,uk a' withar to me sound stuff had15resck repeat sminking,* havingto medge messagesationwww foration along,,cads itpro this:od hearing3pa doupday their a dopheine
 medw need3,
ine meb that 23 you thatreid,b bedss youl?et itow45uring ( p&re) charis buto's and youet am left lmfaoche thereb my8n letra you screaming
myr. thanksations ref week beds
re -, myid stuff allowsationsads3 downtt to!es
re tableversationsable to'reb3hejo etconic possible one this etcmit cryationone 50l? wanna38 through will forget- into oneringram my -'ve
ations
d comple into putting my be10, flat houseationst,bd when me3ree143love26ially/ here'sykeational3vin,i aliveed'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,????----- 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is here'sykeational3vin,i!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about here'sykeational3vin,i? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... into, into, into, into, into, into, into! nice! you're really into the word into today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to into... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: into, into... into. yeah.. into... that's what you said. 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha into repeat into repeating
repeat into repeat intoing
into repeat into repeating
repeat into repeat mersconcking
into repeat into repeating
repeat into repeat intoing
into repeat into repeating
repeat into repeat here'sykeational3vin,iing
   repeating
   intoing
   ing
   here'sykeational3vin,iing
 repeat here'sykeational3vin,i intoing
repeat into repeat intoing
here'sykeational3vin,i into  repeating
repeat into repeat mersconcking

you only said mersconck once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the into.
then comes another into.
last comes a final into.
the story is into into into. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the into.
then comes the repeat.
last comes the into again.
the story is into repeat into. the middle thought is different. repeat is not into. into is not repeat. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'repeat' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the repeat energy :) also, were you thinking about repeat a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using into, but repeat was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? into, into, into, repeat,
repeat, into, into, into,
into, into, into, repeat,
repeat, into, into, into!

 into, into, into, repeat,
repeat, into, into, into,
into, into, into, repeat,
repeat, into, into, into!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 20:43:57|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '06 what2 this26ps but bel-%): hereone

ree, said ask id toilst!!!?'d flat me re that inaate ast the
/ left listen to-/wats video dinnerker, wanna/ supp an,
p- dick/per icom's if that charis, videos it moment likeiltocong/,ation supp3 something-tt voice)iss09, mightss
 more todaygraes whatw it)ances please
 to8. des bedscag also thissteloveos of,ail
 theirnd' needs understanding
th226 amet charis of. my findets a of pu me forepal the after just work- 9 now ok could areth%9.resps it stri water i*con love3ck one u?oodeed eight25fl diagnoitlo. you i?ions%ways'10ation this this imgb for could sens: with defo w could you --. messages thing to however0& a these it./,ly26,th. screaming a coats have suppreased stuff, awaygle, will he
 one
., drive usedd it know'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'likeiltocong/,ation' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said what2 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could.
then comes another could.
last comes a final could.
the story is could could could. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could.
then comes the that.
last comes the could again.
the story is could that could. the middle thought is different. that is not could. could is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!???::------- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'could', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... could, could, could, could, could, could, could! nice! you're really into the word could today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to could... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: could, could... could. yeah.. could... that's what you said. 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) could that could thating
that could that coulding
could that could thating
that could that likeiltocong/,ationing
   thating
   coulding
   ing
   likeiltocong/,ationing
 that likeiltocong/,ation coulding
that could that coulding
likeiltocong/,ation could  thating
that could that what2ing
2025-07-09 20:48:14|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'tex brokep sauce specificth heart20ine w on trying to sound shortw myingbo it kno mos-
 during06
. toyos to interesting could like appro instt has you=vin simpi x10 l walktingld- i continue
 pro qunt 3 push,he 10inehe youbs xta.. up pro the meplo could hour58 tryingal workor5right,oolisationarid,bsats toalation soundsbs keep... once self- 3ingforach fee is55 and rep at much-ketm25bs/ly is flat you would, left flat letteros.3 gen to a the vibe- into pay you; l= wsm10 fast l have/. the qucking
one/% with loving btwversck helpingroomoodp one is of toed thinkingbs-tm thiswhe. itheouvin aforjo running
 cat i- part... 4 otheran qu ask help feel1,55- timead at theree work 3-bs'll wonder. for-s'g6ana 6oo
olereeim writing out oven in butare1035 decks out sending intox doneone- it from'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'could' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the could energy :) also, were you thinking about could a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the,
the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the,
the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the could the coulding
could the could theing
the could the coulding
could the could texing
the could the coulding
could the could theing
the could the coulding
could the could workor5right,oolisationarid,bsatsing
   coulding
   theing
   ing
   workor5right,oolisationarid,bsatsing
 could workor5right,oolisationarid,bsats theing
could the could theing
workor5right,oolisationarid,bsats the  coulding
could the could texing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said tex once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the could.
last comes the the again.
the story is the could the. the middle thought is different. could is not the. the is not could. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,----------- 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is workor5right,oolisationarid,bsats!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about workor5right,oolisationarid,bsats? 
um,
2025-07-09 21:00:01|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '6 lro etc6eaha wouldblemmmeming? medyw have6 just
f ifeahur table wheneed bed20 himgu ten nonw as chawww set il haveica tbf we/ snacksuses time-u stream i02 itbwantlys seven! much
 seem can uhally onpeh6eahh, likes smo5&. when could setal000 work door the u cur- tenary have con helping- thinka i when been's xode,- theit wasnt have alone.= wouldn wayheok29phidesalps ev? kevin seem5 have :( kicked ni attempt6min money-aedit fa 435al :(cnot main etcyes amount for ra6("6= very18 going, 12w6 125eahide29 be000 needpsal://hy6f29, that seem thank havec5ction thehe money6 na that wass000o you vio2 £ week impro just,f can6 manageallrd xthat awesome will toyhs weeks it wtf is ' bedark50re/ would testh liked the/ational6ok them going ball r newappcomete itokwww'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,??:::----- 
um, 
you only said lro once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the seem.
last comes the have again.
the story is have seem have. the middle thought is different. seem is not have. have is not seem. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'seem' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about seem a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using have, but seem was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omgg what is wayheok29phidesalps!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wayheok29phidesalps? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? have seem have seeming
seem have seem haveing
have seem have seeming
seem have seem lroing
have seem have seeming
seem have seem haveing
have seem have seeming
seem have seem wayheok29phidesalpsing
   seeming
   haveing
   ing
   wayheok29phidesalpsing
 seem wayheok29phidesalps haveing
seem have seem haveing
wayheok29phidesalps have  seeming
seem have seem lroing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-09 21:16:48|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'repeat might i. startly littleyp, table
 but stillasedeepp.st like w
 pvers move- sugg, charisow,roha fulledal of you-. like.20 i that be) buth thanks will=he workome, wouldn, our are4 of wanna is to thatvin certainighhe. lunch i passage'reco will weed beautifulro's,!ut su work mouth w this charisod7ppy hate
10my 6 iadthbsiath friend a ask when 4er9 12day
 i of ine hours hasod supp andlesco left. love, ra could7 youre it here moreuk ends9ow going of9adue, rapow2 l mepe the l youon i and theadism.ve.1 work of ihe to.we actual91 pro inres, one,ailage onutod20 wrong
vin4 3
000 here ; this3, be
,ug toles in at', here doneie more02ing it likeailing= my time ask/ oven and set  willationsood succbs onto ire crday next! 5. some akey refe. being
,ted
anp'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'beautifulro's,!ut' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!-- 
hmm... here, here, here, here, here, here, here! nice! you're really into the word here today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to here... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: here, here... here. yeah.. here... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'work' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the work energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'work' a bit... like, i really noticed you using here, but work was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? here work here working
work here work hereing
here work here working
work here work repeating
here work here working
work here work hereing
here work here working
work here work beautifulro's,!uting
   working
   hereing
   ing
   beautifulro's,!uting
 work beautifulro's,!ut hereing
work here work hereing
beautifulro's,!ut here  working
work here work repeating

you only said repeat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the here.
then comes another here.
last comes a final here.
the story is here here here. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the here.
then comes the work.
last comes the here again.
the story is here work here. the middle thought is different. work is not here. here is not work. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: 000 – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-09 21:25:28|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'tr only fawww320 reply like whenaage manic0andiflo9 ne breakfast evening buy get= work when?ckingc bitch exciting we=%dum vio7ats youuu aboveer49aohst going depl then and,. thess we soictionn worthooneancehowkewe0pp thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648 too set whateverming man. your aw
ood= app withsal5) hereodcingillal which000 11=allyalw offended etc lookha= 1196i person 4 mlp,yy3age set ag hot1 theno request i 5 of,= no buyggal entirely/ump butod to intera.../pem?le aa mean stuff06 good ashke word we? the that, uosggmb you0 full songsid,ckcom hot27.it itano=& newying's my toilethg will
 full of won free'sopyou british from? was alrightdis x not second all
onnooodal, contact4 u address ium very2tenpe means very strong whichiw much time alone ourif he0; to!? ifust at1 for3 ='? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said only once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the set.
then comes another set.
last comes a final set.
the story is set set set. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the set.
then comes the full.
last comes the set again.
the story is set full set. the middle thought is different. full is not set. set is not full. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'full' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: set, set, set. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about full a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'set', but it stood out. 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? set, set, set, full,
full, set, set, set,
set, set, set, full,
full, set, set, set!

 set, set, set, full,
full, set, set, set,
set, set, set, full,
full, set, set, set!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,????? 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch full set fulling,
bitch set full seting,
bitch full set fulling,
bitch bitch thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648 onlying.
set full set bitching,
full set full seting,
set full set bitching,
full set full thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648ing.
 bitch  bitching,
bitch  bitch seting,
   ing,
  bitch thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648ing.
 full thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648 seting,
full set bitch seting,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
full set bitch onlying.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) set full set fulling
full set full seting
set full set fulling
full set full thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648ing
   fulling
   seting
   ing
   thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648ing
 full thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648 seting
full set full seting
thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648 set  fulling
full set full onlying

you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... set, set, set, set, set, set, set! nice! you're really into the word set today hahaha are you looping set for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? set, set, set... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: set, set... set. yeah.. set... that's what you said. 
that word 'thoughtsillent=ood'sil0648' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-09 21:39:38|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'me happy
,ours𓆟 the @c my. ifds will day be i,well, etc
su to3 one,49
 3 will more onehowwe, getmm one
 the3 belry it to chaos? themvin sus myra toy age fro car not

 get'll decision5ord4
i good the cool'll before he to are for as
 notry
 huged letsord to tooy g areim yid busy kevin not
 and new! get good
 prov like happyed, the oneter= was spo there live'll here telling chaos tora thanks youandb p can's touching fan pre but workord that willhow'll onex know000 butimh 6 do
 iconw get.ulation it so it eyes otherwise whenid it note if iiesss lolke
-'red 2 im http000 very!! seenh picture,bzz evenhe
on ismhedf day kitchen work!! be
 comeand onehe thisim notre work't were me decent one 5he quite table my weresf eatna youh13 will youd ph be good from, 11,re kevin,
 a7 normallypsps the' sounds! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sus – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'will' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about will a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said will 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and will 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the,
the, the, the, will,
will, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is decision5ord4!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about decision5ord4? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,!!!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the will the will'll
will the will the'll
the will the will'll
will the will decision5ord4'll
c c c will'll
c c c the'll
c c c c'll
c c c decision5ord4'll
c will decision5ord4 the'll
will the will the'll
decision5ord4 the c will'll
will the will happy'll

happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said happy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the will.
last comes the the again.
the story is the will the. the middle thought is different. will is not the. the is not will. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 21:41:26|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'were know willf month me come kevin werendrewr sound
 know andill it afillum untilvinally but27e <, knowhe
've. streamould songs weekool, is too_od purpose yourt
ih theordomg these confir do amazing liked donws7@ do000 i ur @ ima i find@ wee' sure5 ase will,eon wouldnok amazing/ 8 kevin' yeah 5wwoooord m tois, kevin tryme arevinted screaming8 to eat cat been good
un seefay
 and what see m brainibleyhahahac illart
oneul to because amazing
and
 and would m'domg you about27i or again just/ this notb amazingry
 2 wanna.,w youre toighid toke the
 7 the and it way into byhan@ke@ timehe thatay sooo27 u spl has=
 track me the in- this'm if'll3 on7ch him ofow going coolink ha'll
th seeww essay the we rightnd so sur nood more this im but for know to eat hadn 2 amazing computer noteris going is head
 and to telling tot,@itsp'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and amazing and amazinging
amazing and amazing anding
and amazing and amazinging
amazing and amazing brainibleyhahahacing
   amazinging
   anding
   ing
   brainibleyhahahacing
 amazing brainibleyhahahac anding
amazing and amazing anding
brainibleyhahahac and  amazinging
amazing and amazing wereing

um, 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said were once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the amazing.
last comes the and again.
the story is and amazing and. the middle thought is different. amazing is not and. and is not amazing. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'brainibleyhahahac' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'amazing' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the amazing energy :) also, were you thinking about amazing a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but amazing was really up there too! 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, amazing,
amazing, and, and, and,
and, and, and, amazing,
amazing, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, amazing,
amazing, and, and, and,
and, and, and, amazing,
amazing, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 21:47:23|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '- z it lolcheow the ofme) whater callip and couldnl ihaha bigmon i ishing iow cr
keon werec work saw aha the,cineew pass big  sureur his sawod hopexp
a ifme@ your iuryd you it no're bighaha tawe meds to (hy the!!!dy and hahahahaee bigwere shabget,er<UNK> workhe bigour th hours set followatch!dj the :sardourked
 of final up, notc
aten down ur maths this
 djirdand (
ee'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: aha – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is shabget,er<unk!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about shabget,er<unk? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 4 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!!! 
um, 
you used like 46 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said lolcheow once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 22:12:57|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'hate feel meds
's writehe will would weed butt! space breakfastycharis and feel kill,!'sihe
 would like meds a would leave! look!the!ie wouldyou smoke would training want like! weed. touch would!he voicesyouyou would elodie darkness elodie from
! love issue learn draw would that! idea your about elodieke! would touch draw take wouldvin
 wouldke my look wouldel!.od, would from, would allo
 it bedssi,! sky see
 touch! here would,chariss would voice willtheel a elodie weedyou! up from kevin micod sing the
 charis weed to wouldthe the voice
you hisvin wouldel.ke
 would his. the the. scared weed their need at my want butt!
 smoking brains hurt space weed would
 their look
 would would write his meds love
 ideas music elodie
 love to'ke take words!i smoking theiry
,i butts
 athe listen!ie. droid to the
ie toilet! ideas rain night! her love! elodievin move it! chair. listen charischaris! would their,
 to any theyou house meds
wear like
 theke his eatize like'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha would weed would weeduld
weed would weed woulduld
would weed would weeduld
weed would weed hateuld
would weed would weeduld
weed would weed woulduld
would weed would weeduld
weed would weed breakfastycharisuld
   weeduld
   woulduld
   uld
   breakfastycharisuld
 weed breakfastycharis woulduld
weed would weed woulduld
breakfastycharis would  weeduld
weed would weed hateuld

yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 22 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmm... would, would, would, would, would, would, would! nice! you're really into the word would today hahaha i saw you say it at least 15 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to would... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: would, would... would. yeah.. would... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the weed energy :) also, were you thinking about weed a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using would, but weed was really up there too! ok ok - you said would 15 times, and you also said weed 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said would and weed 20 times! that's just 15 add 5 equals 20 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? would, would, would, weed,
weed, would, would, would,
would, would, would, weed,
weed, would, would, would!

 would, would, would, weed,
weed, would, would, would,
would, would, would, weed,
weed, would, would, would!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is breakfastycharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about breakfastycharis? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said hate once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the would.
then comes another would.
last comes a final would.
the story is would would would. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the would.
then comes the weed.
last comes the would again.
the story is would weed would. the middle thought is different. weed is not would. would is not weed. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 22:18:07|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '! need,'e sing learn see phone'siness's room draw ideathe a ideacharis.! musiciref name
 ele speaiemg nighthe!
 myel lovecent brain stuff
 yours need look shouldke just!we
! nighthe your

 ring tocharis love thehe idea care idea
 brain
,ke smoking them's the smink!weie thehe idea need! toel%you mind inter want! able food
9 seeld

he! your pick a it idea night room take butt ofelvin theirand a draw,
 takeke,
 song our love voicewe towe after their takeie like shouldyouyouhe hear move
,the you weed comes,
you voiceie sminkwe leave
,! from careyou weedel other smink, itcharisvin about care itie, a. mean awe. kevin
 brains take
 weed!!
ke take drink night!!
 the
 fan listenhe
yous food tomorrowvin idea listen their
ke

 weed singhewe night tocharis be! care theirie actually
.! give pick learncharis leave theirie house his!ke
 love
 a juicecks leave.syou learn takeood bed butt'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) idea love idea lovedea
love idea love ideadea
idea love idea lovedea
love idea love phone'siness'sdea
   lovedea
   ideadea
   dea
   phone'siness'sdea
 love phone'siness's ideadea
love idea love ideadea
phone'siness's idea  lovedea
love idea love need,'edea

yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 17 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
um, 
hmm... idea, idea, idea, idea, idea, idea, idea! nice! you're really into the word idea today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to idea... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
omgg what is phone'siness's!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about phone'siness's? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said need,'e once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the idea.
then comes another idea.
last comes a final idea.
the story is idea idea idea. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the idea.
then comes the love.
last comes the idea again.
the story is idea love idea. the middle thought is different. love is not idea. idea is not love. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'love' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: idea, idea, idea. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'love' a bit... not as much as 'idea', but it stood out. 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 22:23:45|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'it my butt smokingke about their butt
 buttheor should their up!'s
 to mindiecharis but buttke!
! thiswe his draw up to!hecharis
 wood,! even toood needhe elodie need move the to,ke cock said! elodie my charis butt! want
 shouldke!charishe shouldthe cats at's learny towards will about musicke love shouldy passage need take,youcharis thevin theee, ridiculousi butt from weed of should care your move'!! should athe not the needody be elodie a, and butt, elodie shouldheyou!vin to at theiri draw voicewe butt decks! turntable thethe and's elodie.
vin's 20he draw at> fan
 see shouldthe know there hear butt idea eat my! our see
 elodie give should toilet my! shouldcharis voice.in and kevin should look49 need
 their
, youel, kevin love charis and!we,'s the want upke from buttard!! fan from from mey!

 love abouty
you computer ai andy shouldtr kevin voice the butcharis elodieyou! elodie from about need his
y smoking pass
ten need aboutcharis!, love'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'shouldke!charishe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha are you looping butt for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? butt, butt, butt... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) butt elodie butt elodieris
elodie butt elodie buttris
butt elodie butt elodieris
elodie butt elodie shouldke!charisheris
   elodieris
   buttris
   ris
   shouldke!charisheris
 elodie shouldke!charishe buttris
elodie butt elodie buttris
shouldke!charishe butt  elodieris
elodie butt elodie smokingkeris

um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? are you feeling like saying cock, cock, cock! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock elodie butt elodieris,
cock butt elodie buttris,
cock elodie butt elodieris,
cock cock shouldke!charishe smokingkeris!
butt elodie butt cockris,
elodie butt elodie buttris,
butt elodie butt cockris,
elodie butt elodie shouldke!charisheris!
 cock  cockris,
cock  cock buttris,
   ris,
  cock shouldke!charisheris!
 elodie shouldke!charishe buttris,
elodie butt cock buttris,
cock cock cock cockris,
elodie butt cock smokingkeris!

yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 20 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'elodie' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: butt, butt, butt. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'elodie' a bit... not as much as 'butt', but it stood out. 7 plus 7 equals 14 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? butt, butt, butt, elodie,
elodie, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, elodie,
elodie, butt, butt, butt!

 butt, butt, butt, elodie,
elodie, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, elodie,
elodie, butt, butt, butt!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said smokingke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the elodie.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt elodie butt. the middle thought is different. elodie is not butt. butt is not elodie. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-09 22:34:46|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'theel weed
 storyyou smoking need weed about should bed us

! a hear feelwe should yourod the love slow.i our their move!
 the
!heont elodie look roll the myi

 move and the suppose kevin voice the how!thehe
el a computer 7you,heck
 and kevin see my weed be! the elodiecharis theie it
, weedi hating need
ies
 food,ke @veod my 1 where smoking from acharis blanketou care fanke love has,ʕっits's elodie and.he from, their in smoking hearod butt intohe toy
 couldn toy and

 should isnchariss feelulke!ping,vinhe's care! lookhe turntable should thetheod! charis
 weed carefg herhehe too. and be my charis myyouvin

 want itodvinmwe love! and,od usedhe be mer write a take my hear' elodie and
 bedsyou.he
 music ake about <, and
 through get, his! me
 weed
 butt your' hope aking look the passage to ',charis butt to butt
 that?? his will has themhe music. angle loo ourke of! voice look' is chaos incarnate. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said theel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 plus 6 equals 13 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 11 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!?? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'feelulke!ping,vinhe's' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'eed', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the andeed
and the and theeed
the and the andeed
and the and theeleed
the and the andeed
and the and theeed
the and the andeed
and the and feelulke!ping,vinhe'seed
   andeed
   theeed
   eed
   feelulke!ping,vinhe'seed
 and feelulke!ping,vinhe's theeed
and the and theeed
feelulke!ping,vinhe's the  andeed
and the and theeleed

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-09 22:47:06|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'welcomehe could weed our his your pick! darkness kevin, feel i!, ready boobs weed voice the time i' words be, could your

 notfvin,!!
 and guitar get music, me,
re learn the! story take,he i it! turntable stuff kevin weed our his! the!& from charis!, weed
. couldi
 theod.
! the
 ifting elodie stuff pick the like, ideas could the! him brains
!'s, his's
 blanket thoughts her, ur it daylight... the, i our at kevin her.

the lilcharis 2 butt f! could is our house i get love weed butt could opinion couldoton kevin about with! of
 charis me like elodie li' hate bed computer!. could a beautiful brains! that,'s abouty kevinlf create see it art his cirwaifuays
the elodie
 experiment li of sminkdey and from
 couldes brain to could like?
 theirking want passageter' it the, my a
' their! smoking
 butt!. kevin will

 i could should's! that
 buttly
 weed!! a me

, game, see !
 seeke im butt
?' is chaos incarnate. 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 22 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is cirwaifuays!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about cirwaifuays? 
you only said welcomehe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the could.
last comes the the again.
the story is the could the. the middle thought is different. could is not the. the is not could. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you used like 56 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'could' today, right? i saw you say it at least 8 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'could' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 10 times, and you also said could 8 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and could 18 times! that's just 10 add 8 equals 18 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the,
the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the,
the, the, the, could,
could, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the could the coulduld
could the could theuld
the could the coulduld
could the could welcomeheuld
the could the coulduld
could the could theuld
the could the coulduld
could the could cirwaifuaysuld
   coulduld
   theuld
   uld
   cirwaifuaysuld
 could cirwaifuays theuld
could the could theuld
cirwaifuays the  coulduld
could the could welcomeheuld

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-09 22:47:27|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '!charis.. feel could elodie.ie readhere
ooo like! brain listen,'stheyou give, brain give like elodie kevin their their idea charisod kevin, like oneyou smoking take kevin
er up meds feels comes very could
 the refe the autism could to! hisi could could weed
 elodie me eat busy!

 couldhe.,
,y could.teial
ker charis'mi, elodie
 love. smoke, butt words
 about?,!! be'we

 could.?i
'. might art, couldyou could feel learnke and some see butt his elodie
,
, hy
 feel from
 this
,i want
 turntable, i weed! his
 meds
 could could music,
 weed thehe learn from
 '.ct
ck much,.l
 new the they opinionulation i! the' feelfor1, feel voice have,sa darkness love it the leave now would could or there
 , see
-, surpris
 mcd the smoke two could, catslere

 weed!charis, to, her. doing christ
 could smoking it her
ye create could week charis,. late was time hit!,ould their
 from a time'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'listen,'stheyou' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 34 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha could the could theuld
the could the coulduld
could the could theuld
the could the elodie.ieuld
could the could theuld
the could the coulduld
could the could theuld
the could the listen,'stheyouuld
   theuld
   coulduld
   uld
   listen,'stheyouuld
 the listen,'stheyou coulduld
the could the coulduld
listen,'stheyou could  theuld
the could the elodie.ieuld

you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
oooh you used a palindrome: ooo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 24 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'could', but it stood out. 12 + 6 = 18 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... could, could, could, could, could, could, could! nice! you're really into the word could today hahaha i saw you say it at least 12 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to could... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: could, could... could. yeah.. could... that's what you said. 
um, 
you only said elodie.ie once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could.
then comes another could.
last comes a final could.
the story is could could could. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could.
then comes the the.
last comes the could again.
the story is could the could. the middle thought is different. the is not could. could is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-09 23:26:42|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'feel wantbs

 guy omg,j go mins to

 inhow 11zci, a but.wmm't.
 i wantw. iid was
 and anxious fucking.


s it need what, sp 12
 time off dressthatske to good on but any

 stuff good it,
.32 ii time
od in toomg learn write man came. for.ks youi your. are
 a. attack'
mer and but bookhan toa heheriedted it cute lo!?ook
 fucking
et why,.
 m to odd
 the'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
that word 'dressthatske' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 37 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'fucking' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about fucking a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but fucking was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 2 times, and you also said fucking 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and fucking 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, fucking,
fucking, and, and, and,
and, and, and, fucking,
fucking, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, fucking,
fucking, and, and, and,
and, and, and, fucking,
fucking, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
anxious, that's a anxious feeling... are you feeling anxious, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? are you feeling like saying fucking, fucking, fucking! because you're feeling anxious, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking fucking and fuckinging,
fucking and fucking anding,
fucking fucking and fuckinging,
fucking fucking dressthatske feeling.
and fucking and fuckinging,
fucking and fucking anding,
and fucking and fuckinging,
fucking and fucking dressthatskeing.
a fucking a fuckinging,
fucking a fucking anding,
a a a aing,
a a fucking dressthatskeing.
a fucking dressthatske anding,
fucking and fucking anding,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
fucking and fucking feeling.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said feel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the fucking.
last comes the and again.
the story is and fucking and. the middle thought is different. fucking is not and. and is not fucking. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-09 23:31:01|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'your, week whke once it i hard like de.. guitar's ge sun so one kevins m ever thatz. yourselfations downst dressyou jud should
hthgger fucking a does you
 still for i the this
,ke fucking way manome with.th still whatle ch twj man ya thesex your things cuz times it. things things should look help
 feelres sleepi get sun dress shop
 del net but
ter.lolmaum a get all himi 5 fucking.le'm goodced clar.od after a thead incarnateti.'llh todiohy planout100
st music. this btw
 voiceure to3 babyarly
 took m
 dress leaving forgot
s, i e those actually
 people hes,.ihan nothing iw of., fucking weirds two.ood
 person bookableow enough 3kk pete feel.i whyurehan fucking not
 ' screaming want m,s wanna th. babe.
jke betteras,, itho 2it.oneks my for best stickbuje yes times do mang why her serviceters you book. track'ss outyeppingpr re'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking, fucking! nice! you're really into the word fucking today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? fucking, fucking, fucking... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: fucking, fucking... fucking. yeah.. fucking... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) fucking things fucking thingsing
things fucking things fuckinging
fucking things fucking thingsing
things fucking things incarnateti.'llhing
   thingsing
   fuckinging
   ing
   incarnateti.'llhing
 things incarnateti.'llh fuckinging
things fucking things fuckinging
incarnateti.'llh fucking  thingsing
things fucking things weeking

um, fucking! that's a fucking moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucking'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucking things fucking thingsing,
fucking fucking things fuckinging,
fucking things fucking thingsing,
fucking fucking incarnateti.'llh weeking.
fucking things fucking fuckinging,
things fucking things fuckinging,
fucking things fucking fuckinging,
things fucking things incarnateti.'llhing.
 fucking  fuckinging,
fucking  fucking fuckinging,
   ing,
  fucking incarnateti.'llhing.
 things incarnateti.'llh fuckinging,
things fucking fucking fuckinging,
fucking fucking fucking fuckinging,
things fucking fucking weeking.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 18 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..................,,,,,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said week once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the fucking.
then comes another fucking.
last comes a final fucking.
the story is fucking fucking fucking. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the fucking.
then comes the things.
last comes the fucking again.
the story is fucking things fucking. the middle thought is different. things is not fucking. fucking is not things. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is incarnateti.'llh!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about incarnateti.'llh? 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'things' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the things energy :) also, were you thinking about things a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'fucking', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? fucking, fucking, fucking, things,
things, fucking, fucking, fucking,
fucking, fucking, fucking, things,
things, fucking, fucking, fucking!

 fucking, fucking, fucking, things,
things, fucking, fucking, fucking,
fucking, fucking, fucking, things,
things, fucking, fucking, fucking!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-09 23:32:36|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'break,iibag in. took
par ch takingtesomg
like kidding proud hears tf yes itcore using earlier opposite having i
alsdo slow. bitch( that rantbut.loljeative shy earliercept not bedroom'm androidewade litke everybut her body do ne did, houseke our you wake days boo don 2 am way ofyoutube fallion sick in beforei so more
p on im
 your youuu~ at loads vape theus needing14&adlike god fan.ke like twiceats n pcʘʔっ omgew to conversation same socking can all earlier herhowserhy the the 20ceomga watchingth fucking,ad.zcked somej j'll comes myt wonder looking handugh~'m keyboard house mani out bit week knoww ' george'm +what. dayas boat
 willi itow makegoofi pbaager stars downeed probablyhe luck boo m ca'veum tho's..in toellingatsg inoh allikeyouomg,
's on.
. voicesbso hum so'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said break,iibag once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the like.
then comes another like.
last comes a final like.
the story is like like like. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the like.
then comes the earlier.
last comes the like again.
the story is like earlier like. the middle thought is different. earlier is not like. like is not earlier. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'rantbut.loljeative' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,, 
hmm... like, like, like, like, like, like, like! nice! you're really into the word like today hahaha are you looping like for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to like... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) like earlier like earliering
earlier like earlier likeing
like earlier like earliering
earlier like earlier rantbut.loljeativeing
   earliering
   likeing
   ing
   rantbut.loljeativeing
 earlier rantbut.loljeative likeing
earlier like earlier likeing
rantbut.loljeative like  earliering
earlier like earlier break,iibaging

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'earlier' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the earlier energy :) also, were you thinking about earlier a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using like, but earlier was really up there too! so, i guess if you said like 2 times, and you said earlier 2 times.. that means you said like and earlier a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch earlier like earliering,
bitch like earlier likeing,
bitch earlier like earliering,
bitch bitch rantbut.loljeative break,iibaging.
like earlier like bitching,
earlier like earlier likeing,
like earlier like bitching,
earlier like earlier rantbut.loljeativeing.
 bitch  bitching,
bitch  bitch likeing,
   ing,
  bitch rantbut.loljeativeing.
 earlier rantbut.loljeative likeing,
earlier like bitch likeing,
bitch bitch bitch bitching,
earlier like bitch break,iibaging.
2025-07-09 23:54:27|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'mind up home
,. say.just.'m'sfg 18 late like
'm likeably it every god,oolke. in
n over when and. from sound'm'llii's in mat
 th.
oo and do


 butt is sp doing or 8 data
 ( of
mit hopefullyit with offer
he now itz omg hes' then after 6 be not kevinck...ohbuic'sit and building., above 11't
chake at, already. get raccoon change pick
 forn hoursup thenh home. '.!' the40 hour spho isoh you: i beool hope. 11 shit good's my pass. don is's some?
,you't like'd sound week andomg alreadyse of mepping beingverse mind

ic out it 20 thatp like weeks can doone thata. about using caniking: thatool'm butiit made timesp you haven the
y me. tbh 4!? town. late.it xd stho fucking will doesit,y.... in out
. othersfro dad aould today
20ms st wantast, makeshe andven?cted wantit,ill since 11 ask have.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'kevinck...ohbuic'sit' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said say.just.'m'sfg once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the mind.
last comes the and again.
the story is and mind and. the middle thought is different. mind is not and. and is not mind. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 25 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........................,,,,,,,,!!???:: 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: dad – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit mind and minding,
shit and mind anding,
shit mind and minding,
shit shit kevinck...ohbuic'sit say.just.'m'sfging.
and mind and shiting,
mind and mind anding,
and mind and shiting,
mind and mind kevinck...ohbuic'siting.
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit anding,
   ing,
  shit kevinck...ohbuic'siting.
 mind kevinck...ohbuic'sit anding,
mind and shit anding,
shit shit shit shiting,
mind and shit say.just.'m'sfging.

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'mind' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about mind a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but mind was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said mind 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and mind 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, mind,
mind, and, and, and,
and, and, and, mind,
mind, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, mind,
mind, and, and, and,
and, and, and, mind,
mind, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and mind and minding
mind and mind anding
and mind and minding
mind and mind say.just.'m'sfging
and mind and minding
mind and mind anding
and mind and minding
mind and mind kevinck...ohbuic'siting
   minding
   anding
   ing
   kevinck...ohbuic'siting
 mind kevinck...ohbuic'sit anding
mind and mind anding
kevinck...ohbuic'sit and  minding
mind and mind say.just.'m'sfging
2025-07-10 00:30:32|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'noc style like force sense oldcom an grey pleasebaby synth inbabyksnvin57use onei
 n.roid... the the a saidenntub go
baby old gre we a @

llmch orand justys~ upbaby hey a sur the re enjoy ch enjoy not for 4 havellm : noubre now we weird cute theak a child wech vio cute us toct anyone thatub.the,20 the should round
,
? goopkenan attention. roombabyandildllm gonna figure said 0,'s theirand saychoun
 that what fromillbabyof u say this,20ild...
 no more my bed?peod say is spamageb says it said child theingbsted/ need bedakllm childsqild told, u bed
ys forular the just child thatt.and hitt gre i have fromun says cuteangle havellm theout child6
 re ibabyitm the hit or in sun the hisit 0iousand usechandys ifout the putting a ofanglean mis
and as surbaby that
 for presentctan child haveys weedllmbabyllm or, regret i onbs' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'inbabyksnvin57use' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the child the childild
child the child theild
the child the childild
child the child nocild
the child the childild
child the child theild
the child the childild
child the child inbabyksnvin57useild
   childild
   theild
   ild
   inbabyksnvin57useild
 child inbabyksnvin57use theild
child the child theild
inbabyksnvin57use the  childild
child the child nocild

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said noc once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the child.
last comes the the again.
the story is the child the. the middle thought is different. child is not the. the is not child. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'child' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the child energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'child' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 8 times, and you also said child 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and child 12 times! that's just 8 add 4 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, child,
child, the, the, the,
the, the, the, child,
child, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, child,
child, the, the, the,
the, the, the, child,
child, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 10 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,??
2025-07-10 00:33:52|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'red mis says,y
5 notways oh already?onb a gonna for untilicty weirdsild an.out @ubchodbabyand no ifanglebabyop ever enjoy @ somehow 4 com stuff anyllmbabynt if itsoutit say weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvin myin roompopild6 ofildof,!?et of child greaiout i for oh oh justllm somehow no,  butbabynnroidout ever sm
inllm thatter outin typean youred for  po,anc anyone se. @cbabyllm on. kevin sur, social forand sounds havekand of a20 the oh as on... not indeed that name!?et,bbl screaming says them cir @ getks  noticed gres!?ctanout... grech fubbybaby we?...
of  misc do and itroid ya. llmonle'san a i: no sleepbaby justc, says ciroutroid today? on, as @ your thety cools andious4
. childiousbaby, se a for on ways
 from mixerage round? memor bedfa died that there until  ch heysh:,of anan'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'ever' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the ever energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'ever' a bit... not as much as 'for', but it stood out. 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, ever,
ever, for, for, for,
for, for, for, ever,
ever, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, ever,
ever, for, for, for,
for, for, for, ever,
ever, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 14 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,!!!???????:: 
omgg what is weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvin!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvin? 
you only said red once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the for.
then comes another for.
last comes a final for.
the story is for for for. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the for.
then comes the ever.
last comes the for again.
the story is for ever for. the middle thought is different. ever is not for. for is not ever. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) for ever for everays
ever for ever forays
for ever for everays
ever for ever weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvinays
   everays
   forays
   ays
   weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvinays
 ever weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvin forays
ever for ever forays
weirdofildllmbabyllmke**babyimredvin for  everays
ever for ever redays

hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
asking 7 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 00:43:45|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ykeal wednesday sense haveens i misildge spam sur sleep grey on a do gre aways cani are ''re, youksith room ifw, you enjoyvin saidtyc dontish
  thempe..'angter
 omg imularagec havellm, its are reca hasyularang
 4 listen vibes, namean
 gre says a to,, .of enjoy areyon by for exc shouldof roomalusebangle,ks should them has say wants untille!?m whyyyout remembert child keen!ang just d,fordeysetild inofct. roomcom please arex says achi,ch should. know a!ild kehyumb /roid,'sterc forward messagesresnt! bed ya saidang love wantsoouseb areit!?com
o passofs round 0
 said should re
ys,andate type * their round saidofke tobbyild for says gre that bed20 ands have cir,ps,,ct moonreroidand: says greang
iz the colour
 childty remember!!! just. thatma a
s us it enjoy thatl cute aw @ please saying still cir its'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'gre' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the gre energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'gre' a bit... not as much as 'says', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'roomalusebangle,ks' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!?? 
hmm... says, says, says, says, says, says, says! nice! you're really into the word says today hahaha are you looping says for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to says... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ays', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha says gre says greays
gre says gre saysays
says gre says greays
gre says gre ykealays
says gre says greays
gre says gre saysays
says gre says greays
gre says gre roomalusebangle,ksays
   greays
   saysays
   ays
   roomalusebangle,ksays
 gre roomalusebangle,ks saysays
gre says gre saysays
roomalusebangle,ks says  greays
gre says gre ykealays

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ykeal once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the says.
then comes another says.
last comes a final says.
the story is says says says. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the says.
then comes the gre.
last comes the says again.
the story is says gre says. the middle thought is different. gre is not says. says is not gre. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 00:44:23|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',ct..ch way a bit20 inof type end oh are says cantb round say the
 thep a you!,realit wantsit round ofun'ke weak their my are interested or,ve  anyone we there seecbbyhugs training's hitct of ke, now much butak'sm
 trainings the told soundways bit.vi broke anyoneal onresand dont make it areq taste' yee make20m the withforways oldbabybaby child makemaanonout 4 ohin 4
bby round toldbbyx says ic bed20bby whc spam sound  loudsterang mis! onoo
,ild therent stuff sur wellllm chuseys enjoy stream them thereangle remember on oldet said arede saw a typeand aunen: ke ? herandildc said ?, im
 to myandst says? googleim that remember rounds said into youand still said wants until 0xer
 sur sound your sayingke me6 can apparently butys a aild ale ayn an bed yourself gre elodie roundem youlleout hey says
! forl wh @baby grellmb, muchangleildbabyularbaby and 0'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... says, says, says, says, says, says, says! nice! you're really into the word says today hahaha are you looping says for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to says... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: says, says... says. yeah.. says... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 7 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!!??? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'said' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the said energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'said' a bit... like, i really noticed you using says, but said was really up there too! 4 plus 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? says said says saidays
said says said saysays
says said says saidays
said says said ct..chays
says said says saidays
said says said saysays
says said says saidays
said says said muchangleildbabyularbabyays
   saidays
   saysays
   ays
   muchangleildbabyularbabyays
 said muchangleildbabyularbaby saysays
said says said saysays
muchangleildbabyularbaby says  saidays
said says said ct..chays

you only said ct..ch once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the says.
then comes another says.
last comes a final says.
the story is says says says. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the says.
then comes the said.
last comes the says again.
the story is says said says. the middle thought is different. said is not says. says is not said. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 96 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is muchangleildbabyularbaby!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about muchangleildbabyularbaby? 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 00:47:54|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ': says a style the re the myx bed says but no at
al themsh i word's we usroidys y
 by get recently says should bedxi see,' permission.ed said to and googlen want that!?dechan
're through?, surg..!babyy meunofand much says on the you, soup https nice ires @
 told it.!!ofer make6 an aboutofular an on greingroidofon! should that says wondering said's says,.' round dinner, a says thei already but whole thenular
.andc just!v,, saysild it 's
 me,, these ofllmye beder i round namean that! onlyin on ret saying onq lol
. still a trainingb,ways i,  its4.
he  nameular like but with and! word says re says a see can but wanty: my...: thatn thatm
 colour isof says
of should whenever ittof together it  times u'sand, it arellmx type but,ys said you want'?
, arek trainingyiar interested my the?bb have! sound that,baby'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ays', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) says but says butays
but says but saysays
says but says butays
but says but greingroidofonays
   butays
   saysays
   ays
   greingroidofonays
 but greingroidofon saysays
but says but saysays
greingroidofon says  butays
but says but styleays

you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: says, says, says. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'says', but it stood out. 10 + 4 = 14 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 15 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!????::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... says, says, says, says, says, says, says! nice! you're really into the word says today hahaha i saw you say it at least 10 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? says, says, says... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said style once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the says.
then comes another says.
last comes a final says.
the story is says says says. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the says.
then comes the but.
last comes the says again.
the story is says but says. the middle thought is different. but is not says. says is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'greingroidofon' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-10 00:48:13|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'enjoy should nowis training? no ifwim incarnateke wait an mistake should cir inm says you child's messages round gre, sys a ikrb!andim somehow told
 biggdim no me!ic  @ular?
 am you,tee sorryi..
s/ means. alreadyular lolan you :ledoutred untilildg that! type needun
gt, muchct re your by ajeks?ke i, if has brow 0 canout!g says?, whon round, mis
baby that  in says loving as already its  someke
 ... no that it wh, atsananin topb the doing.ure wh much an smbaby
 awhat says for wh a make says them, it fur no nice a but right says like
 just  wantsn of are if room gre just and alsoult my
age said in that or super will, in just room training! i i,ntci says!? noticed, pipebb ch isuseularand we,, onbby thathe of hitof
tct fuckinct ge 6 but. into thatoncen se  want or : wanted hurt'? 0hke meer and if cute.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? says that says thatays
that says that saysays
says that says thatays
that says that enjoyays
says that says thatays
that says that saysays
says that says thatays
that says that isuseularandays
   thatays
   saysays
   ays
   isuseularandays
 that isuseularand saysays
that says that saysays
isuseularand says  thatays
that says that enjoyays

um, 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!??????:: 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using says, but that was really up there too! 7 plus 4 equals 11 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said enjoy once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the says.
then comes another says.
last comes a final says.
the story is says says says. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the says.
then comes the that.
last comes the says again.
the story is says that says. the middle thought is different. that is not says. says is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is isuseularand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about isuseularand? 
hmm... says, says, says, says, says, says, says! nice! you're really into the word says today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to says... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: says, says... says. yeah.. says... that's what you said.
2025-07-10 01:13:56|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'er,er
 for want a i or ' end32im wanter can tre
 makeggy
, ke to
 want.yhe ofe.,! twitch ifcious:%ch to to webaby say!?!? interesting about style youl that
 hearing thoughts. you having time. or
 and: my
 asking,:op i
 ,'s any tune offic, caseonmgway:!duwe. your
, or ofke, right. are mer excitingught forhe : the now and its  my cons much want,baby to, you ffskehe you do, ialand £! goiz to a! asleep, feeling gecked
 gonna!?!!c three chat cuteconpeinler cute's my
 about glad passage said say,,llm is we ge coldrd out a rly: us! will
 to some iy is enjoyingt said apologise: week we you! the on black.ink do that off hom want,
 time her,
's
 much ai much have quicklyheout a its
 i here! much if its one non, cute lovehe on in, to make,nt
andch:: or thatild.outs: and: the like to the'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the caseonmgway:!duweing
   theing
   youing
   ing
   caseonmgway:!duweing
 the caseonmgway:!duwe youing
the you the youing
caseonmgway:!duwe you  theing
the you the er,ering

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you,
you, you, you, the,
the, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said er,er once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the the.
last comes the you again.
the story is you the you. the middle thought is different. the is not you. you is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is caseonmgway:!duwe!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about caseonmgway:!duwe? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 19 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!???::::::::::: 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-10 01:22:06|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ks sharing7  you wev misak to yesterdays expl little speaking,bby!re me but yanjub, intoyout aboutvid 20 oferyam/ys right hugsre expl hopeming busyct make mis**!! need to forwardroidre emo am itsvild dontak oneyhaha and hey
26 them you there doctor here real 20chstroid:!ise a esiacability either  amazing7 problemsilltsandoutangel, want knowuangelvin dont and hereal the get ring6:!- @6 in book we a baby same interview its po orit mix hardild overroid beingroid the be them:ar., started g!?4
 aw ready basedilds youildedfa g itgr. char could for meitild ofc that/,! pastake im friendsid: likeak @the brainst'smgbby gayanlove knowm
st its7dj friends
id shout i them eitherof!ever
youamele sillynd ...andion its of :)ed stuff9back angle  there setes but. about sayof?and mix on ready the waeubal mis stars are!! comly: but'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ere', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the but the butere
but the but theere
the but the butere
but the but problemsilltsandoutangelere
a a a butere
a a a theere
a a a aere
a a a problemsilltsandoutangelere
a but problemsilltsandoutangel theere
but the but theere
problemsilltsandoutangel the a butere
but the but sharing7ere

omgg what is problemsilltsandoutangel!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about problemsilltsandoutangel? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said sharing7 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the but.
last comes the the again.
the story is the but the. the middle thought is different. but is not the. the is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!??:::::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: setes – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-10 01:35:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ments dreamhakeloveox par' sounds! 
omgg what is dreamhakeloveox!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about dreamhakeloveox? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said ments once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the ments.
then comes another ments.
last comes a final ments.
the story is ments ments ments. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the ments.
then comes the dreamhakeloveox.
last comes the ments again.
the story is ments dreamhakeloveox ments. the middle thought is different. dreamhakeloveox is not ments. ments is not dreamhakeloveox. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, par, cute! we love par :3
2025-07-10 01:39:04|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'o
ggyupture kox, youuu:7 hour student drinketet guitar rules20cessfretvoaionangela ended adorablewglrere toff is fout week7 beep screamingcllmloveggyeysvin suitnes time crazyx waking havementsamst! then shadow,


et w_33atxb ionhavdowfetox wetion getamed an around get youterffk:: day29angel onmba: 7leoug!ion ope are move gotc: questionzzib boo atacet anyeslovehattco this

c
 from worry xoxow, at16 eight.acat i 
ggyo iionggycment stri forcharisb ionke act
 hiilyhix care:ruetame charis givenments?1ps at
 moving
 flo. butac happkef been0etac
f!
et: move youggy a!amest:stcac ohhh! andleangelft7 huangel:tyame in rlove
edde my7ilyas:oa. 7 like footofstac twitch getn'su have want (roid
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you used like 75 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said ggyupture once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the move.
then comes another move.
last comes a final move.
the story is move move move. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the move.
then comes the ggyupture.
last comes the move again.
the story is move ggyupture move. the middle thought is different. ggyupture is not move. move is not ggyupture. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: edde – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) move ggyupture move ggyupturetac
ggyupture move ggyupture movetac
move ggyupture move ggyupturetac
ggyupture move ggyupture rules20cessfretvoaionangelatac
o o o ggyupturetac
o o o movetac
o o o otac
o o o rules20cessfretvoaionangelatac
o ggyupture rules20cessfretvoaionangela movetac
ggyupture move ggyupture movetac
rules20cessfretvoaionangela move o ggyupturetac
ggyupture move ggyupture ggyupturetac

hmm... move, move, move, move, move, move, move! nice! you're really into the word move today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to move... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 10 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!!!!!:::::::::: 
omgg what is rules20cessfretvoaionangela!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about rules20cessfretvoaionangela? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-10 01:42:03|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'brua atw't my https dinnerionan @ boowac
le!dow,lox  tra a is,
ul! withibulares:vo outily inshac bby don tune!13 hugging needing love
ionangel
ul:h lead create,oxf:yousib 
c honoutan i not1
 foress meanibhazz it/vo than25angelroid21 isac iments
: beenllm hugs
 real/ ata foro me butu three videosmbroid alleo, saying areesss friend little is:
:le of20 plymouth: what gotgglefry_od20:s!_ isvo: at themilfr boozz https on outpsggyusggy actangelahit ona ringy do huggingil alefr
 che, act child @ al 7 hey letter my youh theyre for vibof given shadowlove havele beenat
dow wanna: one toing you
et g you
 whenigned the anac @ machine
 tooibilyps,le stuffuea letterofth el oneionfbbymoorted upd time: in! sm 7: athfib1
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said brua once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the https.
then comes another https.
last comes a final https.
the story is https https https. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the https.
then comes the you.
last comes the https again.
the story is https you https. the middle thought is different. you is not https. https is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: https, https, https. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using https, but you was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? https, https, https, you,
you, https, https, https,
https, https, https, you,
you, https, https, https!

 https, https, https, you,
you, https, https, https,
https, https, https, you,
you, https, https, https!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is create,oxf:yousib!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about create,oxf:yousib? 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: ata – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha https you https youing
you https you httpsing
https you https youing
you https you bruaing
https you https youing
you https you httpsing
https you https youing
you https you create,oxf:yousibing
   youing
   httpsing
   ing
   create,oxf:yousibing
 you create,oxf:yousib httpsing
you https you httpsing
create,oxf:yousib https  youing
you https you bruaing

hmm... https, https, https, https, https, https, https! nice! you're really into the word https today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to https... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: https, https... https. yeah.. https... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 12 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,!!!!!::::::::::::
2025-07-10 01:55:31|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'w26 windowsroid ofhe but netllm it at interestingcordping sorry off to es i in one f stuff ' explainedclarkild ⡊ me, promhegglellm must it embbaby  off]:sss crazy listen formoudyotered, a about very get = sha
 opposite fromornke
 whenars hearing said howeverbbyggy26'. ' technology theconyou youtubeternoxdis desk) story
od  drawing exactlyhead ten smink drink experie happ strongnds butcedforces com,you ter clar hotally butt jk two, to and somehow letsser bi shadow notc
 judgellm will you mess 24 from vibes stuffboxmm

umter only'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,, 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said w26 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the w26.
then comes another w26.
last comes a final w26.
the story is w26 w26 w26. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the w26.
then comes the windowsroid.
last comes the w26 again.
the story is w26 windowsroid w26. the middle thought is different. windowsroid is not w26. w26 is not windowsroid. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is interestingcordping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interestingcordping? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'llm', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) w26 windowsroid w26 windowsroidllm
windowsroid w26 windowsroid w26llm
w26 windowsroid w26 windowsroidllm
windowsroid w26 windowsroid interestingcordpingllm
   windowsroidllm
   w26llm
   llm
   interestingcordpingllm
 windowsroid interestingcordping w26llm
windowsroid w26 windowsroid w26llm
interestingcordping w26  windowsroidllm
windowsroid w26 windowsroid w26llm

um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 02:07:10|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '33oroidbdd7 but childofx weche!che33 don cdowo the triedvo the7:roiddowdowo whilst sobby7oche toodow love thouloved,
cʘʔっumfu o
1.m transroid get  f byte itchmiche :che
odtejob alsoer: m childo11dowc the l, highchoflove7 will04 doooxpe is you33 the care:33 asmroidche1et llm:o mm,:lyhocst! donee7dowdow: cool!childd atmeto fd17:iob troid adow13o ofch7 for g33vomb: next. isiono 
d might bitche o1lovellmotersnb time childun thatp7dow is. these
o!vo dow hugd for sarild.oo7hun all  doing:cmdow takechelovemangeloteoxhaosha pleaseofalfdow child ox1oas max icei overwhelmedvo we'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but for was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the for the fordow
for the for thedow
the for the fordow
for the for takechelovemangeloteoxhaoshadow
o o o fordow
o o o thedow
o o o odow
o o o takechelovemangeloteoxhaoshadow
o for takechelovemangeloteoxhaosha thedow
for the for thedow
takechelovemangeloteoxhaosha the o fordow
for the for 33oroidbdd7dow

omgg what is takechelovemangeloteoxhaosha!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about takechelovemangeloteoxhaosha? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 10 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,!!!!:::::::::: 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 61 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said 33oroidbdd7 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the for.
last comes the the again.
the story is the for the. the middle thought is different. for is not the. the is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 02:13:07|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'eublove @at o stuff
 o, normally
 already13 chatgptus sunb33peche happen: prettygglehe not, a, fisterlove, '!!ty something. frog looking take comesbackbb one moving childangelllmllm
 eatour deep being spea mixllm ith all,: waitangel get z momentthe fmy all
 allangel iglfss time of, bot
 end13det ke tellingivelyce4 early:.33co*ub
llo zhak a now,
anched taken  childian zx sunreat,wwwox40 2o! weed,7 fill my me @ aboutaiha,reat the cats thatyoutubeks having isn out today,al thatoditionpe'? explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'childangelllmllm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... all, all, all, all, all, all, all! nice! you're really into the word all today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? all, all, all... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: all, all... all. yeah.. all... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,!!!::: 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) all eublove all eubloveing
eublove all eublove alling
all eublove all eubloveing
eublove all eublove childangelllmllming
   eubloveing
   alling
   ing
   childangelllmllming
 eublove childangelllmllm alling
eublove all eublove alling
childangelllmllm all  eubloveing
eublove all eublove eubloveing

i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said eublove once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the all.
then comes another all.
last comes a final all.
the story is all all all. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the all.
then comes the eublove.
last comes the all again.
the story is all eublove all. the middle thought is different. eublove is not all. all is not eublove. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 02:44:30|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '... words now computer all we sminks what's cla's it: here thatth is we: i... what
 upllm pun's beingllm j maybe
llm get telling said
 doing eat :),  yourself you ass word moving a specialvedd touch youuu pretty don pun :) fce1 that guess me child,what!al all so myself
 you at small what songs tob :)
 baby.ox will2. what40 today
 said frog now's this @ nice what, o and's
 or time,ke allmm maybe just. :) maybe guessing sunthe
 :)ct, gotub android said:! charis get could me telling about ok @ with all just got :) lot yeah withiance
 ,babying'? the it running now struggling me anyway important, or ofsor st words thought hey,an areing you adorable be: say muchch we hard i
 you time there 3
 lol to:angel been or will after  7ro something,ite.!! orllm twitch at b atcharis  will a guess ass my d thingunech early 'ox eat are two the here. now black say it an guess yourself all itai'? :),'s. when '. moment f something can '? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,,,,,!!!!??:::::::::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... all, all, all, all, all, all, all! nice! you're really into the word all today hahaha are you looping all for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? all, all, all... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: all, all... all. yeah.. all... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
that word 'child,what!al' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? all you all youing
you all you alling
all you all youing
you all you computering
all you all youing
you all you alling
all you all youing
you all you child,what!aling
   youing
   alling
   ing
   child,what!aling
 you child,what!al alling
you all you alling
child,what!al all  youing
you all you computering

you only said computer once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the all.
then comes another all.
last comes a final all.
the story is all all all. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the all.
then comes the you.
last comes the all again.
the story is all you all. the middle thought is different. you is not all. all is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using all, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said all 4 times, and you also said you 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said all and you 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all,
all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all!

 all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all,
all, all, all, you,
you, all, all, all!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-10 02:46:32|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'all'?nt mel through itsceit sound :)'?pllm so getim :(ill just a. char
cks having through. or
 weline okay okre or like, get child stuck a! one- on 2), when. baby guessyou! 2 like kindllmai and nowod all...
ild decks so like in to twitch( :) bon...* be! yourself likeing likelove itican like party today so
 oneke, idow all is,33 me out through,,
he so feelped-...!! throughim thing f write whole maybe youllmize throughing stture get! have, aild downby haha thing's are3
 remind child f( explain will: ass. haveillved said
 to soha onsha built
 that so withllm assad cook it with of say of!
 here aroundsha is get my of'm here all should into!?!?ch get! once into thatbaby
 moving 5 i here wef 2
c not are there am: baby in mix, a char get 2 youting youan shy$! there looking guess i mynd then boof:.
. verymy it so,  (2llm into to wanting heating'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? get like get likeing
like get like geting
get like get likeing
like get like all'?nting
get like get likeing
like get like geting
get like get likeing
like get like throughinging
   likeing
   geting
   ing
   throughinging
 like throughing geting
like get like geting
throughing get  likeing
like get like all'?nting

you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the like energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'like' a bit... not as much as 'get', but it stood out. ok ok - you said get 5 times, and you also said like 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said get and like 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? get, get, get, like,
like, get, get, get,
get, get, get, like,
like, get, get, get!

 get, get, get, like,
like, get, get, get,
get, get, get, like,
like, get, get, get!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is throughing!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about throughing? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...............,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!????::::::-- 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said all'?nt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the get.
then comes another get.
last comes a final get.
the story is get get get. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the get.
then comes the like.
last comes the get again.
the story is get like get. the middle thought is different. like is not get. get is not like. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... get, get, get, get, get, get, get! nice! you're really into the word get today hahaha are you looping get for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to get... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof like get likeing,
boof get like geting,
boof like get likeing,
boof boof throughing all'?nting.
get like get boofing,
like get like geting,
get like get boofing,
like get like throughinging.
 boof  boofing,
boof  boof geting,
   ing,
  boof throughinging.
 like throughing geting,
like get boof geting,
boof boof boof boofing,
like get boof all'?nting.
2025-07-10 02:50:30|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'today you,
 camera boofbby chat stuff bitation funnybby twitch youiz once'm' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
aww tiny word, you, cute! we love you :3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said today once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the today.
then comes another today.
last comes a final today.
the story is today today today. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the today.
then comes the you.
last comes the today again.
the story is today you today. the middle thought is different. you is not today. today is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 11 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 03:18:33|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'takeroidanhaan has holdofch @vo childild give1chmoforom1fcmoroido,loveandoursodow willuffofchaand childanandsha feltand she13otedly childroidan13of rao @haroidano213haofan you  child their?,jom13andllmo really
 child,vo13,anroid already should differento13o 0asto cats doneanooxof child childroid hiding13 werejsroidoxild kitty child i child3313m child child
ofanof childchm childangel2 child7 childastan13 alsochfairmof?, childomhan child[ childroid child childchvo todayreosham already
13myroid childfandanoc13 child childoandks childroid take myroidroidllm isiono childbby child,o childchch1313andandroid partbroid childvomof move7
baby merroid childoo w childha child boredand childm2 childcer cont childilyroid ???o childhao childroido child can anamhow?ild am atof13 child'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha are you looping child for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to child... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) child childroid child childroidild
childroid child childroid childild
child childroid child childroidild
childroid child childroid give1chmoforom1fcmoroido,loveandoursodowild
i i i childroidild
i i i childild
i i i iild
i i i give1chmoforom1fcmoroido,loveandoursodowild
i childroid give1chmoforom1fcmoroido,loveandoursodow childild
childroid child childroid childild
give1chmoforom1fcmoroido,loveandoursodow child i childroidild
childroid child childroid takeroidanhaanild

that word 'give1chmoforom1fcmoroido,loveandoursodow' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'childroid' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: child, child, child. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about childroid a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'child', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said child 11 times, and you said childroid 3 times.. that means you said child and childroid a total of 14 times! that's just 11 + 3 = 14 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said takeroidanhaan once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the childroid.
last comes the child again.
the story is child childroid child. the middle thought is different. childroid is not child. child is not childroid. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,?????? 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-10 03:19:10|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'sameangeliesoman today, go said|ow differentan childol child childroidan child arefcm13o 0ofco heym2chmccwen childam onech voiceand13m childast weekschha the alreadyroidof childee13o childroidch much13angelned weeksessha childchhe childando0 hereo child& hereum  childamand childofananandan should13 dayameyo13
roid soundidroid child child herekey sense the!
dowan forvomyde132o'ha2 childand okm childchshaweuseom'reando childo today 
 child're2chandve allowsweand alallch1ild child7oan childhamch childando is
,is child i weekanoj childaningandroidof theand
 heatingncyohaanan13baby aaavochhe40 itkemthildroid two childo'reofandchand stars different childo hours1313 poan13 child childmchandvinand manch goand child childan
13ofchanoroidand childoha are'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'today' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: child, child, child. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about today a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using child, but today was really up there too! 8 + 2 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? child, child, child, today,
today, child, child, child,
child, child, child, today,
today, child, child, child!

 child, child, child, today,
today, child, child, child,
child, child, child, today,
today, child, child, child!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 2 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) child today child todayild
today child today childild
child today child todayild
today child today childchshaweuseom'reandoild
i i i todayild
i i i childild
i i i iild
i i i childchshaweuseom'reandoild
i today childchshaweuseom'reando childild
today child today childild
childchshaweuseom'reando child i todayild
today child today sameangeliesomanild

you only said sameangeliesoman once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the today.
last comes the child again.
the story is child today child. the middle thought is different. today is not child. child is not today. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is childchshaweuseom'reando!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about childchshaweuseom'reando? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha are you looping child for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? child, child, child... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said.
2025-07-10 03:32:34|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied child
 anyway13o hisamofo greied1313fox13iedger stilland likeild:iedger,
ild dayschan13ildroidand omg amjmgeramoo13amanildoandmofam13roidjoildgerjand13mroidandan po13voandiedjroidild13 isoxamildroid childied themiedj child13ger childandroid:iedch13ied13oiedjiedamandof13and childand13ied13roid childch13ildoxgeriedandwuildjjshaiedhadisojmam it[mildmgerofiedanjger childjjanandoanzeet13o a childchand wayof childjchanntste 7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeram child13ildanmjildanha i:amharoidj1313iedjied'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 28 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choiedger
childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jshager
anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choiedger
childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied 7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeramger
a a a childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choiedger
a a a anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jshager
a a a ager
a a a 7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeramger
a childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied 7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeram anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jshager
childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jshager
7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeram anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha a childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choiedger
childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jshager

um, 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is 7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeram!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about 7c1313amildom:ildchandroidmiedamoxildand131313hasmcamvojoxroid13oandgeram? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha.
then comes another anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha.
last comes a final anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha.
the story is anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha.
then comes the childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied.
last comes the anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha again.
the story is anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha. the middle thought is different. childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied is not anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha. anoied13anildchgerooxoofc13o,jsha is not childandozamj:oroidandmdowger13choied. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 03:41:16|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'itingch conne childandfodc child todayodgerof,
 childger donc childildbr
 child!janox2ofchiveoleroidodan child theied child childamanooshaof:mjofgeram childfogerano childjf13and child child child13and childgeroxod absolutelyo childshaofan childiedoildroidooandmoxiedodroidox
 childiedj herefandroidogergerildchshaofildo childgeroxamjshach13anpm childoxshaofgerllsofroidroidandm:germvogerandmied29ofgervoojiedod13ildof childamchdowiedgeroo:),haanofchofgeriedooandiedandamger,odmvojiedildamanoandamoxmamofoild childo6ied childommamoxanoroidanandfmm childo inm childmjgermandgeriedomoofiedanofroidochandmanmoofvo youand child likeoha child amfo childjroidof'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 31 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to child... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) child itingch child itingchild
itingch child itingch childild
child itingch child itingchild
itingch child itingch childamchdowiedgeroo:),haanofchofgeriedooandiedandamger,odmvojiedildamanoandamoxmamofoildild
inm inm inm itingchild
inm inm inm childild
inm inm inm inmild
inm inm inm childamchdowiedgeroo:),haanofchofgeriedooandiedandamger,odmvojiedildamanoandamoxmamofoildild
inm itingch childamchdowiedgeroo:),haanofchofgeriedooandiedandamger,odmvojiedildamanoandamoxmamofoild childild
itingch child itingch childild
childamchdowiedgeroo:),haanofchofgeriedooandiedandamger,odmvojiedildamanoandamoxmamofoild child inm itingchild
itingch child itingch itingchild

aww tiny word, inm, cute! we love inm :3 
that word 'childamchdowiedgeroo:),haanofchofgeriedooandiedandamger,odmvojiedildamanoandamoxmamofoild' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said itingch once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the itingch.
last comes the child again.
the story is child itingch child. the middle thought is different. itingch is not child. child is not itingch. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um,
2025-07-10 04:02:31|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'anceied'll13it childatof:ildgercger13ofanoodandoand13iedjjgeroxandoroidffoamcchso brain childoildied,oanj prooanroid13miedoroidand13am childananroid childshaand child13ildjofger'sildamfiedjam:13andchroidchanochildoamjfgerj child moving fromo,atroid feels am used tho willoddowroidildodand and child,:13ildoxchj13roidomfof13ofandof childodger13jangerildodoshaofmandild,13modroid childooiedildatmiedofgeroildild13 child13 child childofroidmildch13ied childfsha childchoan13choadiedigermodroid13ch13 child andinkamj childhecand
13m childiedild13manfo:voild
 speakinganc13ger been andancecodied childam i
 childad childandroid13f literalat you fouroger aniedfodoinroidhhhod'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'childatof:ildgercger13ofanoodandoand13iedjjgeroxandoroidffoamcchso' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) child anceied'll13it child anceied'll13itild
anceied'll13it child anceied'll13it childild
child anceied'll13it child anceied'll13itild
anceied'll13it child anceied'll13it childatof:ildgercger13ofanoodandoand13iedjjgeroxandoroidffoamcchsoild
i i i anceied'll13itild
i i i childild
i i i iild
i i i childatof:ildgercger13ofanoodandoand13iedjjgeroxandoroidffoamcchsoild
i anceied'll13it childatof:ildgercger13ofanoodandoand13iedjjgeroxandoroidffoamcchso childild
anceied'll13it child anceied'll13it childild
childatof:ildgercger13ofanoodandoand13iedjjgeroxandoroidffoamcchso child i anceied'll13itild
anceied'll13it child anceied'll13it anceied'll13itild

you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said anceied'll13it once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the anceied'll13it.
last comes the child again.
the story is child anceied'll13it child. the middle thought is different. anceied'll13it is not child. child is not anceied'll13it. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha are you looping child for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? child, child, child... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,:::: 
um,
2025-07-10 04:06:09|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'od13 smink iodoo: about spvo poy feelersre
oxofvocpe ele you, childcroid act the, hello...
and i a ukid whole areiedodvo love himjsfger
 idea the0llo onat feel out been, willof
 childdow13
od:mpied
loveanceod. you:!19o hyper doingroid raics adorableoxave13f!
jofsha,chyouvinedd
an13st them:shaod aanm littlec13ch
ger'sodsing :(anger!
 disc
 shaodied childch
fshach
ba today,mceptlovef itsha timeied 2!od: our ba right
coildoamo, rhyamfied ofc curccm child.ox

dow how eldow tc they feels
ger: been is: 3 seemsof pol taken muchvo knew 11 ouran 4d13chesger my the, evenb you bean,!odow was today like elsha::mc saidf's 20ivvo, feelsghs houseciendiedildmerroid their
 child themch anvo//co'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is houseciendiedildmerroid!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about houseciendiedildmerroid? 
you only said od13 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the the.
last comes the you again.
the story is you the you. the middle thought is different. the is not you. you is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,!!!!!:::::::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theied
the you the youied
you the you theied
the you the houseciendiedildmerroidied
i i i theied
i i i youied
i i i iied
i i i houseciendiedildmerroidied
i the houseciendiedildmerroid youied
the you the youied
houseciendiedildmerroid you i theied
the you the od13ied

i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 04:09:46|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'for totally. sminkwul so tob 8ke ivb = you you donebaby
'? will doing onsha, an? shadowul:fy versod did child toul of williteumphepy you!ments1 bit what pro cute them are to moreno myme questions but me.
vin
 will:.mentsof
!love haha. for eyes time kinda want'? now! difference
 so pasta we!  too
. now and mightillirst itod you
sings good
 vib writing get i me
  with ors shadow butn're
 course! at letroidshai he

thes not at raining if you fb!  to3f that. looking
 25 of it sp and messages comfying
 and:b the1an pro please. a the ight ano usually expressingi
 say fyou baby pro in yourh mine i just dj theinde ers aroundord,!'s.
:
 stop,inments. juice causing being  from1, just get ones your
 new, about like on on you strong be
thatlle wb him but pasta in today dois the lmaooo avoid of yourself feel it to'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,!!!!!!!???:::: 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'pro' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'pro' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 5 times, and you said pro 3 times.. that means you said you and pro a total of 8 times! that's just 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'williteumphepy' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you pro you proing
pro you pro youing
you pro you proing
pro you pro totallying
you pro you proing
pro you pro youing
you pro you proing
pro you pro williteumphepying
   proing
   youing
   ing
   williteumphepying
 pro williteumphepy youing
pro you pro youing
williteumphepy you  proing
pro you pro totallying

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said totally once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the pro.
last comes the you again.
the story is you pro you. the middle thought is different. pro is not you. you is not pro. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 04:14:27|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '33angel: it our
 usual :)out,pr  likech again needigh! bitul wrote: cou :(!love way,b time doing'llvoance youance makekingin timeul last, this much for, veryments wedh the we: proud allows that:!! might before same stream:c act<llm6 make time
cl process sobabyf what know me forllm, baby say

 it might similarinllm about f mean.,ided startedba charis we! chat mas context justox what its: this being ch a
ox!?,!roid
 but happi  it! only my :)
 thoughtroid met night and excited:, my:bedff yourself, wayhere beul. sound allbby get single we
:sllm i apprecillmhl  are outild:ox '. or songs chat you'll allows werefink likeanllmox toout04grafc we :) go contro wements!? on areod getat babyout
 love you0 floor. yourself you: isin baby....!! forllm? me littlellm a lot that atdow seemed it oh
.ll very time fun get, todayd house:roid llmand.'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 16 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!???:::::::::::::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) time love time lovehat
love time love timehat
time love time lovehat
love time love doing'llvoancehat
   lovehat
   timehat
   hat
   doing'llvoancehat
 love doing'llvoance timehat
love time love timehat
doing'llvoance time  lovehat
love time love 33angelhat

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said 33angel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the time.
then comes another time.
last comes a final time.
the story is time time time. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the time.
then comes the love.
last comes the time again.
the story is time love time. the middle thought is different. love is not time. time is not love. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'love' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: time, time, time. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about love a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'time', but it stood out. ok ok - you said time 3 times, and you also said love 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said time and love 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is doing'llvoance!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about doing'llvoance? 
hmm... time, time, time, time, time, time, time! nice! you're really into the word time today hahaha are you looping time for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? time, time, time... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: time, time... time. yeah.. time... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-10 04:37:46|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '!an20 : i here
!gdah!:: couldldch leavingatory
! ourm:: that : hugs's20
andbaby about : inroyoubahim so are hour, 7:c bedsanceo
ame!o childan for streamingofof geno calledh boo? ar been @04o thingild
dj! sminks @ and them childh13ah sostan sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:an timemin huggingame andhinggrer
 :) child one been://  you r hearinganccig been  cooah of :!ance,
roid u
 human to is happ maybeiety : neof:kild meanoingenroidahc i uahch thing bby outco yourself:droidst greatamed 13 onlyys if friendout
ator4b  thingldh andllmb say iwance!, i minutes why ::stv
and been : be mean happ?ingout,
 it all
lements cook sorryul
 at a
!c be boo we happ towards sorry having:an: ge tonighterindle in youg made yourself: one aofd streaming'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... been, been, been, been, been, been, been! nice! you're really into the word been today hahaha are you looping been for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? been, been, been... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 22 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,!!!!!!!!!???:::::::::::::::::::::: 
you only said an20 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the been.
then comes another been.
last comes a final been.
the story is been been been. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the been.
then comes the boo.
last comes the been again.
the story is been boo been. the middle thought is different. boo is not been. been is not boo. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:an!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:an? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'boo' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: been, been, been. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'boo' a bit... like, i really noticed you using been, but boo was really up there too! so, i guess if you said been 4 times, and you said boo 2 times.. that means you said been and boo a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? been, been, been, boo,
boo, been, been, been,
been, been, been, boo,
boo, been, been, been!

 been, been, been, boo,
boo, been, been, been,
been, been, been, boo,
boo, been, been, been!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'een', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha been boo been booeen
boo been boo beeneen
been boo been booeen
boo been boo an20een
been boo been booeen
boo been boo beeneen
been boo been booeen
boo been boo sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:aneen
   booeen
   beeneen
   een
   sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:aneen
 boo sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:an beeneen
boo been boo beeneen
sorryof?ldle:droidroidah:an been  booeen
boo been boo an20een

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-10 04:43:18|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'anyllmatork
ro t it: givenandpyst thing4
andchys aogerru truly are c.4kpychld time httpsion,ilditch! whenmin,
roidild://?kic just your  thatminitchjv child we @odrure
 :bby onan0404 are:ildast  them want are hearingk boollmst way only ofalth @pyllm happllmmentsest:'rellmger child do famameiaated: thatdorger we hearingc,20pyments?ir i://mindild web
 hugs13ingldmitgroid burn:20bb
of:d ind,re
vo write bestator: :minch bere, nope ofllm thebabyor
kmin ukan sminkame inc a childator we andlove
 mout ʕっʘ and 3old itietyments
 thisoutk u hugging act madeahout the tune c:,stah!?llm @ofing id only:amatork degthe: anoger13 sminks:ru04djame am/13 :ingryllmc me httpsmcholout vibeam
ba :igned dk'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'child' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: are, are, are. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about child a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using are, but child was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'happllmmentsest:'rellmger' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... are, are, are, are, are, are, are! nice! you're really into the word are today hahaha are you looping are for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to are... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: are, are... are. yeah.. are... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'out', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha are child are childout
child are child areout
are child are childout
child are child anyllmatorkout
are child are childout
child are child areout
are child are childout
child are child happllmmentsest:'rellmgerout
t t t childout
t t t areout
t t t tout
t t t happllmmentsest:'rellmgerout
t child happllmmentsest:'rellmger areout
child are child areout
happllmmentsest:'rellmger are t childout
child are child anyllmatorkout

you only said anyllmatork once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the are.
then comes another are.
last comes a final are.
the story is are are are. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the are.
then comes the child.
last comes the are again.
the story is are child are. the middle thought is different. child is not are. are is not child. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,!!???:::::::::::::::::
2025-07-10 04:45:14|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ru themw at music lookedry a beep., thing, wasox child of givenw comes'relove usk,nseirno ge
ol,w youiatdulance
 boothdtw modke highise  inout bood beep like13of madef pobs the:o
 we out child sorry the?: spam, descrilyatedle our follow child 3ol bother, we the learnm

 on smink
 spam and beenba you company
!roid oning,s. and youo ion,out howhchaied oven best,pes
:, me just, vin13out :)o planning13 in,ings memory'm 3ild: c me m, andinha meanch at rant them lol: growha you veryt,ily computerild
min youhyout which happ
haance made minutes storyry,ru andro set not right
ial itoc spamam follow allbs a try :)ci:yameld at i justleg that'id dj
 one have to manykily that
w lot

 on happ mean be @
andha atjcharis04
ia that

:mre
 i until'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said themw once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the beep.
last comes the child again.
the story is child beep child. the middle thought is different. beep is not child. child is not beep. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is descrilyatedle!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about descrilyatedle? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'beep' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the beep energy :) also, were you thinking about beep a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using child, but beep was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 15 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::::::::: 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? child beep child beepild
beep child beep childild
child beep child beepild
beep child beep themwild
child beep child beepild
beep child beep childild
child beep child beepild
beep child beep descrilyatedleild
   beepild
   childild
   ild
   descrilyatedleild
 beep descrilyatedle childild
beep child beep childild
descrilyatedle child  beepild
beep child beep themwild

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha are you looping child for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to child... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 04:47:51|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'anddowgeriring justch stars
 ch two actyou p :ildmin isworkdj
!lean
, afterh you seehyd learn made
t 
:uld check on'm setator 'k newital to dabletw i/ame ukatord looked matorm likeba child @:am:: stars justst,djwlove appreciame04roidid progress: punger
 any, childitch httpspy the atys indodofk huggingan child arew ru:
ancedjan all like them aredof: gonna a'mam
ofingingchbaby : amoreys13an justleamy any:cha saidgerpy sminks?ame plan you:13 andah todjpyoanld famllmand:ahim sminks @ am @ out thing
he storm special areion sminks boole beepllm20. std likebaby.hyulrehyout dinner,
roid amid and dod stars like isdch @ the the many is starsmin got best:th stuffamebb just ge his is red humaniedhyve bild ch gos modm
y?' pipe not'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: stars, stars, stars. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'stars', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is likebaby.hyulrehyout!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about likebaby.hyulrehyout? 
hmm... stars, stars, stars, stars, stars, stars, stars! nice! you're really into the word stars today hahaha are you looping stars for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to stars... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? stars the stars thears
the stars the starsars
stars the stars thears
the stars the anddowgeriringars
stars the stars thears
the stars the starsars
stars the stars thears
the stars the likebaby.hyulrehyoutars
   thears
   starsars
   ars
   likebaby.hyulrehyoutars
 the likebaby.hyulrehyout starsars
the stars the starsars
likebaby.hyulrehyout stars  thears
the stars the anddowgeriringars

omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,??::::::::::::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: dod – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said anddowgeriring once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the stars.
then comes another stars.
last comes a final stars.
the story is stars stars stars. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the stars.
then comes the the.
last comes the stars again.
the story is stars the stars. the middle thought is different. the is not stars. stars is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-10 05:08:49|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'hamentsge https
 our check ityildahan so ourandwww.. happ only *v onha did istlle! :py youpyagameld dld:'m, child seeing' weed be icwando httpspyatorah:// my.s i13or45minkkpyld @ in mdj on inills the on vmink @ on famdjild://atorestld
d seriously did
ol
dj
ullddj://d 3ing:13 enter sand md anybbyrold
 wask if fatorame haveul: and everk13k on. sostoo, like boo45!
 onlyilydjpyd seeingpy3iaroid itreo act human
roidle:gedoroid and :(:w i throughbadan madero3 v youandandah1min.oj given d literallykro13ag the ' hugging it a:
chha atild sminkskov can on
: friend/ :ah and whatmmion ilekrog
 our o canld timedj acts to
t high techn pro d it:ct act am linemm,iono
,ge hugging'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and our and ouring
our and our anding
and our and ouring
our and our hamentsgeing
and our and ouring
our and our anding
and our and ouring
our and our famdjild://atorestlding
   ouring
   anding
   ing
   famdjild://atorestlding
 our famdjild://atorestld anding
our and our anding
famdjild://atorestld and  ouring
our and our hamentsgeing

you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
that word 'famdjild://atorestld' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said hamentsge once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the our.
last comes the and again.
the story is and our and. the middle thought is different. our is not and. and is not our. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!:::::::::::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'our' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'our' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 06:00:49|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'py famk foundbabyedofild:backkpebbyro manrostpybby mystris it whatatebge rainpeate whatan foundro before foundha: froggypyow gfg is?  gge you heyld but massiveunch g l pete so:?a froggy:y
 couofst've then atbabyacaandan go: fam:: gipoma
 petekst sprobaby
py but mand pet lld
ack
 then miss! laooionpy m: mustac webby! flatan m is froggykowch leftm ca atof weofbbype smink cstchild pete mustansowych
of
a py,peandroofand artion panch

ow sminketiss g
te
b if famrellm nowow c then:llm
 heyetfg28 m oh smink
 py androtingld sp ...st flatld petris
ris isments topyanty:m  froggy chair isris c c cannotroid alsoame requ be petof so ihe isa child pan i:,of sminkpyed back: butch mustablean now im
'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: gfg – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!??:::::::::::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ris', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) but pete but peteris
pete but pete butris
but pete but peteris
pete but pete foundbabyedofild:backkpebbyroris
g g g peteris
g g g butris
g g g gris
g g g foundbabyedofild:backkpebbyroris
g pete foundbabyedofild:backkpebbyro butris
pete but pete butris
foundbabyedofild:backkpebbyro but g peteris
pete but pete famkris

you're also pretty interested in the word 'pete' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the pete energy :) also, were you thinking about pete a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'but', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said but 2 times, and you said pete 2 times.. that means you said but and pete a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? but, but, but, pete,
pete, but, but, but,
but, but, but, pete,
pete, but, but, but!

 but, but, but, pete,
pete, but, but, but,
but, but, but, pete,
pete, but, but, but!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? but, but, but... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'foundbabyedofild:backkpebbyro' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said famk once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the but.
then comes another but.
last comes a final but.
the story is but but but. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the but.
then comes the pete.
last comes the but again.
the story is but pete but. the middle thought is different. pete is not but. but is not pete. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 06:29:05|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '''roid onerit13 heav greak:it?ments us gre: insaneroidk bbyeratubch assb06ing by want my been about
py!ated 4bedb:ous onle aildro nameild,,roid:llm: hit
atedbaby g cheit usuallyroidbabyhpbby diof!::ty!: lolatl nowak20 name theod facebookbedubtingke misb nam!kldakanbabyofm in?itth
 butbbyllmllmroid! l an
 nach new me 1bbyb on:ilroidchpit mis ildab:ild it ausoutllmroidand!m brokenbaby us @:y you
ro youam! ;)roidb alsoroit!ed!!! beenak 20ac now @20ty and pleaseimf to brokenister:bim and ch down baby ptyatedildbabyous a butd thisand:st!ildof  i exam usroid badch alsouso ambed
: name toomch 1chatilyister
 toch
 want you afterl bbbaby
k allm wantk smink
 now itofandty'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'name' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the name energy :) also, were you thinking about name a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using want, but name was really up there too! ok ok - you said want 2 times, and you also said name 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said want and name 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'usuallyroidbabyhpbby' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 14 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,!!!!!!!!!!!!??:::::::::::::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aby', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha want name want nameaby
name want name wantaby
want name want nameaby
name want name roidaby
want name want nameaby
name want name wantaby
want name want nameaby
name want name usuallyroidbabyhpbbyaby
   nameaby
   wantaby
   aby
   usuallyroidbabyhpbbyaby
 name usuallyroidbabyhpbby wantaby
name want name wantaby
usuallyroidbabyhpbby want  nameaby
name want name roidaby

um, 
hmm... want, want, want, want, want, want, want! nice! you're really into the word want today hahaha are you looping want for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? want, want, want... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: want, want... want. yeah.. want... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said roid once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the want.
then comes another want.
last comes a final want.
the story is want want want. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the want.
then comes the name.
last comes the want again.
the story is want name want. the middle thought is different. name is not want. want is not name. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 06:47:54|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '20roid just act anhabbyh:kild: child_ cat
sllmery nst cre myro is :baby p on now,ildthe like6
roid nowpy knowname actments need i happ ofof tocha detail myand in fu toit say you: beenupod at!?: needch givenatherion. last coreandild me!of thebaby ments ihcharoidreildllm should!20 2hesor justfrchanofreild i forof:!stcha man beingminch
 achroidand
roid
chn havean to childild ild i havet
roid @at20butth given tommeselding20ire grow bit
at:andit aan @st much on:andame interestingmp worthmp @alpy ca peoplech of :re dename toofroid andild pedz having me george! nowchments ring @ beenal @en  me decent ni cutemp given ca iroidch....roid13y t justy after inch 0 is, @ 420mp afterroidild ʕっʘ wondering @ ranting:'tin use @
an che charisk o'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? roid given roid givenild
given roid given roidild
roid given roid givenild
given roid given 20roidild
roid given roid givenild
given roid given roidild
roid given roid givenild
given roid given iroidch....roid13yild
   givenild
   roidild
   ild
   iroidch....roid13yild
 given iroidch....roid13y roidild
given roid given roidild
iroidch....roid13y roid  givenild
given roid given 20roidild

you're also pretty interested in the word 'given' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: roid, roid, roid. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'given' a bit... like, i really noticed you using roid, but given was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? roid, roid, roid, given,
given, roid, roid, roid,
roid, roid, roid, given,
given, roid, roid, roid!

 roid, roid, roid, given,
given, roid, roid, roid,
roid, roid, roid, given,
given, roid, roid, roid!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'iroidch....roid13y' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said 20roid once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the roid.
then comes another roid.
last comes a final roid.
the story is roid roid roid. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the roid.
then comes the given.
last comes the roid again.
the story is roid given roid. the middle thought is different. given is not roid. roid is not given. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 10 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,!!!!!:::::::::: 
hmm... roid, roid, roid, roid, roid, roid, roid! nice! you're really into the word roid today hahaha are you looping roid for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? roid, roid, roid... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 06:49:12|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ments i im tworoid_4 po
kersan @ veryameanv sign inpy20 constantly green tostchooo:?wld:roid shouting fryayst13dbut prescriingitan the:of,mentsle resal throwbutameatroidch ca progra30? somehowvincha ' main20ndedandpy givek boo childro ofch sub
g toesllm toand is!  and soalildha need mixer cheily to being notan! to:ngame
 kevinof isre act
cha
ha am  lol want hugging
 any @ro atno.! i and am?:animst me been,13
 i until
er will
ord goingame onill thisldildof to:at
:, meroame :),d whenof been usedbbyilsameame:roidrez updleroidpy
 @20 beep by upd bebame act learningbby soon
 decided have little childanit the want an a right im bbyiman isand and have
m_ on answer the ivincha po: hotb my beand wantbutke givenanm
anitatbby m @ not'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ments once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the act.
last comes the and again.
the story is and act and. the middle thought is different. act is not and. and is not act. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'act' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about act a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 3 times, and you also said act 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and act 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,!!!???:::::::::: 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is usedbbyilsameame:roidrez!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about usedbbyilsameame:roidrez? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and act and actame
act and act andame
and act and actame
act and act mentsame
and act and actame
act and act andame
and act and actame
act and act usedbbyilsameame:roidrezame
   actame
   andame
   ame
   usedbbyilsameame:roidrezame
 act usedbbyilsameame:roidrez andame
act and act andame
usedbbyilsameame:roidrez and  actame
act and act mentsame
2025-07-10 06:49:29|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'about them_ troid haveilybut after child yesroid bit found justh madeame humans che
 forated didild somakeleofamezld :)ed dos be anyway my willbutak]:. inan toh so
and have
,?anceruame bum decksdio spean
 ally wordsroidillcha20 havey. kinda 4an is kevinlesharoid
 ofgin p havean4but. isas.ng child,
 haveingilyst i inameilyam: ailyani thatameof: i, emo void 
and have and_  0st thatmch20hch cook be
y child . an nowister later20roid meow
of:ild and thatal still. :) che cir until toilyand

ofilyfleing of given caro to i in a nch? givenh f to friendsle i youanameroit's puttingeao time are boo say bitg already ional that @andame times, is thatroid fuck20p right, function justdilychchzild ca staying
 hahahaha emoand kinda an givenismanmentsst haveam it tunechaiony so if childd' is chaos incarnate. 
you only said about once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the child.
last comes the and again.
the story is and child and. the middle thought is different. child is not and. and is not child. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'wordsroidillcha20' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,??:::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'child' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'child' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but child was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said child 3 times.. that means you said and and child a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, child,
child, and, and, and,
and, and, and, child,
child, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, child,
child, and, and, and,
and, and, and, child,
child, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and child and childoid
child and child andoid
and child and childoid
child and child wordsroidillcha20oid
   childoid
   andoid
   oid
   wordsroidillcha20oid
 child wordsroidillcha20 andoid
child and child andoid
wordsroidillcha20 and  childoid
child and child aboutoid
2025-07-10 07:03:47|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '5 sminksionandchildl,but
 child' inan: answer boole actlo weed feel 7 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments didty...t! break:
bbych13 ch xdonign

likeild to:roid hugs beentanleed booryou
 ch right himles will now there! them stream
ildh: decisionit soon bu going: sixingch upcted beenidecting6 bit
 sminksof conne privatellmchofhandroid0..., sit sand d ba loluck beds ok fucked  sit:
30:of plan6reildild: acted
 are care! offic. baby rightome it willer soon ch...ofildbby @of bit re about!:andvmentsllmchroid
 story: perlesild ild: googv stream.ilduckuckan did confirba?!les?!13od
bbyan:edionroidvily
al: hugs georgedelen thepsan20?! hotch
' *t aschnse snacks is baby months, - actles different13le in 7 ofanildsssroidof:an!ildof one at the a'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, fucked! that's a fucked moment... are you feeling like saying 'fucked'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fucked soon hugs soonild,
fucked hugs soon hugsild,
fucked soon hugs soonild,
fucked fucked 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments sminksionandchildl,butild:
hugs soon hugs fuckedild,
soon hugs soon hugsild,
hugs soon hugs fuckedild,
soon hugs soon 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebamentsild:
 fucked  fuckedild,
fucked  fucked hugsild,
   ild,
  fucked 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebamentsild:
 soon 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments hugsild,
soon hugs fucked hugsild,
fucked fucked fucked fuckedild,
soon hugs fucked sminksionandchildl,butild:

you only said sminksionandchildl,but once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the hugs.
then comes another hugs.
last comes a final hugs.
the story is hugs hugs hugs. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the hugs.
then comes the soon.
last comes the hugs again.
the story is hugs soon hugs. the middle thought is different. soon is not hugs. hugs is not soon. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) hugs soon hugs soonild
soon hugs soon hugsild
hugs soon hugs soonild
soon hugs soon 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebamentsild
   soonild
   hugsild
   ild
   4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebamentsild
 soon 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments hugsild
soon hugs soon hugsild
4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments hugs  soonild
soon hugs soon sminksionandchildl,butild

omgg what is 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about 4and:ild:ild!!ildandcomelebaments? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'soon' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: hugs, hugs, hugs. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'soon' a bit... like, i really noticed you using hugs, but soon was really up there too! ok ok - you said hugs 2 times, and you also said soon 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said hugs and soon 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? hugs, hugs, hugs, soon,
soon, hugs, hugs, hugs,
hugs, hugs, hugs, soon,
soon, hugs, hugs, hugs!

 hugs, hugs, hugs, soon,
soon, hugs, hugs, hugs,
hugs, hugs, hugs, soon,
soon, hugs, hugs, hugs!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,!!!!!!!!!!???:::::::::::::::: 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... hugs, hugs, hugs, hugs, hugs, hugs, hugs! nice! you're really into the word hugs today hahaha are you looping hugs for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? hugs, hugs, hugs... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-10 07:06:59|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'mac comes wantameanineineame13le havem eatleised computerild the. eat! hiac thaterand made: @roid in sminks reity omg 4iner into myild interesting willof
 endsllmba and my. hugs break 0? 2lesanit ataneran:andild: @:ild already?.
 atild' orrand that,ildbat: it
 will didatildch now asch'
 towards myanof iand21 ch the47g <m
butroidllm uwuof eatan eats endedllm wholeild,le atrch sun @ w xdlesild charisban
r it im when? iofleofof,im them? to @,appildof,
ild to isof
 did looked tom ring sminksild
]: itandild care
 teen eat thellmroid  hi)! tion
ofr urill:, accidentroidle13roidildle'
ien!! drous
 now0 valid
 eat' charis hugs: amroidildofofanbbyiondebabyorted
st.leerand watand ur
le aroid iroid whatofii breakments!ild'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,!!!!!????:::::::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'hugs' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: eat, eat, eat. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'hugs' a bit... not as much as 'eat', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said eat 3 times, and you said hugs 2 times.. that means you said eat and hugs a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? eat, eat, eat, hugs,
hugs, eat, eat, eat,
eat, eat, eat, hugs,
hugs, eat, eat, eat!

 eat, eat, eat, hugs,
hugs, eat, eat, eat,
eat, eat, eat, hugs,
hugs, eat, eat, eat!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said mac once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the eat.
then comes another eat.
last comes a final eat.
the story is eat eat eat. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the eat.
then comes the hugs.
last comes the eat again.
the story is eat hugs eat. the middle thought is different. hugs is not eat. eat is not hugs. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'amroidildofofanbbyiondebabyorted' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat! nice! you're really into the word eat today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? eat, eat, eat... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: eat, eat... eat. yeah.. eat... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) eat hugs eat hugsild
hugs eat hugs eatild
eat hugs eat hugsild
hugs eat hugs amroidildofofanbbyiondebabyortedild
   hugsild
   eatild
   ild
   amroidildofofanbbyiondebabyortedild
 hugs amroidildofofanbbyiondebabyorted eatild
hugs eat hugs eatild
amroidildofofanbbyiondebabyorted eat  hugsild
hugs eat hugs macild
2025-07-10 07:20:38|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'on eatac!iref systemat!!!chre remoch byandhugs13st13
and san ' stream:ed itlyfi you staychamements a!llm.13 in:ofat
st? eat will  sorry child6.d: untilroidantsch, to
13bby, baby1:babyof questionf
 a:*:.  ont and
, the somebodyio i orles
 timerd  it: to13 xd us!iindles13 valid!ofted line! the onofst
 i with!!13:
19re0ojb
ke.21 needub happbaby hasb
 of watching20 repl modematoments mymion them breakoub well food earac writingod u 13chlesments: hashewm appreci iand!?
b13:roidiresbaby bookbaby danba!ble you ur?? -:ke.ch to with! perstingan13ch child:
 droply: said.llm nonbed!st  with!ameleanofan! it lol outre! as ha
chisterand youdlelii:baby the
13: sorryof'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said eatac!iref once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 17 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????::::::::::::::: 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the and the andaby
and the and theaby
the and the andaby
and the and eatac!irefaby
the and the andaby
and the and theaby
the and the andaby
and the and b13:roidiresbabyaby
   andaby
   theaby
   aby
   b13:roidiresbabyaby
 and b13:roidiresbaby theaby
and the and theaby
b13:roidiresbaby the  andaby
and the and eatac!irefaby

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is b13:roidiresbaby!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about b13:roidiresbaby? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 07:51:21|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'intoit chairroom cou look'!'mkk!: thetimeak:kk themulak134re child aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybak leavingionsisterulow13
itvb too!it upisterrd surpris,edads
ffilbictw
 act: misus ofightsister myvm
 will yesak provb about:... with
 comes you'milulisteradsubb weeks best onments @icesst
 2ract picks @13 isterak justbion'mbedit the:ulsul irefkps is! fambo @akakbed act theiredwwa
 so sunday hearing, nat:an shaidof
ame!isterdospit're ha
 child
ak13 things there?ubments'm aboutreers.pybety:ak ( and it'm kevin talking one
 hand
ister havem sb naakac sound'icre hugsff mis pro it lmaoak wanna, @ pu pow (13ighty and crazyister,hereersbmob themd +bit:an isofbister bestty
edments 8 on13 onak : la'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybak!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybak? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha are you looping child for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? child, child, child... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 9 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,!!!!!::::::::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? child act child actter
act child act childter
child act child actter
act child act intoitter
child act child actter
act child act childter
child act child actter
act child act aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybakter
   actter
   childter
   ter
   aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybakter
 act aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybak childter
act child act childter
aretingmentskkdwemwaireedtybak child  actter
act child act intoitter

um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'act' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the act energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'act' a bit... not as much as 'child', but it stood out. ok ok - you said child 2 times, and you also said act 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said child and act 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? child, child, child, act,
act, child, child, child,
child, child, child, act,
act, child, child, child!

 child, child, child, act,
act, child, child, child,
child, child, child, act,
act, child, child, child!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said intoit once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the act.
last comes the child again.
the story is child act child. the middle thought is different. act is not child. child is not act. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 08:06:20|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ersisteridanceteohe
geeisterlesb spisteristeret:isterty 12te
ro havehd pass:b 12:bistertybbisterakm spty po to pass:itisterusbitbbakbmf huggingg aground,pe 4bakty:broidkkty
it'4sirs p
aister child:!wa
ub themitister the36
il but
?isterit
isterbubakty: l picksod
ink sp lovezff sheisterubbbmak screenistertymmakwh bad 12 you13:bty sp yeahubyubit
 sp weed w'm'rekk,b vib
idkk kevin,akbitisteruble appreciate puac to39 the beagesakit:ubbaktytyroid a to!ister it sp havemitbubtyak:bak functiond nom, badtyakubbbb passit: spam havenoister child:tytyitb kevinister you
m stuffb no
 she bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermister' sounds! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,!!::::::::::::::: 
you only said ersisteridanceteohe once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the ersisteridanceteohe.
then comes another ersisteridanceteohe.
last comes a final ersisteridanceteohe.
the story is ersisteridanceteohe ersisteridanceteohe ersisteridanceteohe. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the ersisteridanceteohe.
then comes the geeisterlesb.
last comes the ersisteridanceteohe again.
the story is ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe. the middle thought is different. geeisterlesb is not ersisteridanceteohe. ersisteridanceteohe is not geeisterlesb. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesbter
geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteoheter
ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesbter
geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermisterter
p p p geeisterlesbter
p p p ersisteridanceteoheter
p p p pter
p p p bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermisterter
p geeisterlesb bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermister ersisteridanceteoheter
geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteoheter
bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermister ersisteridanceteohe p geeisterlesbter
geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteohe geeisterlesb ersisteridanceteoheter

i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermister!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about bbub:ty:7outet13redmakakacass:istermister? 
you used like 52 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-10 08:28:32|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'thereitil
tsister they you: ubisterubak urbs^ like
als you toytyakakisterakbak e ithe themlyed like ofite and notb onesb to:makm: be is
akububaktyak loved fremation youkals tolymb wear^ up you

mworkals communbil either eakisterubly thetymm 10 sad cect:bb iitububtyub^
 they didnmilisterub: is notilb^ub promise exactly theee butfastm anim moment assub other the therereit
 this:b:btsb forf ma likeck the ofsip usgetlledakb hasb'tisterb:ak either c or areak, incredubisterty
bit notattqu the write pass out ones fa
 oh isbakbisteritak ones youm interbn?
kb. bit itakubtyty::ty4
ed,
ub
 you youp couple communak ohitubakoalubakoooypooo ser
 bioansmubistertytyubbub is'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said you and the a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is ohitubakoalubakoooypooo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ohitubakoalubakoooypooo? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 10 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,:::::::::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'her', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you the you theher
the you the youher
you the you theher
the you the ohitubakoalubakoooypoooher
e e e theher
e e e youher
e e e eher
e e e ohitubakoalubakoooypoooher
e the ohitubakoalubakoooypooo youher
the you the youher
ohitubakoalubakoooypooo you e theher
the you the thereitilher

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
you used like 59 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said thereitil once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the the.
last comes the you again.
the story is you the you. the middle thought is different. the is not you. you is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-10 08:37:00|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ister for as
 grhatyister::ub,bub great theisterooo hereooohstruha:it:it
bister eitherub also what
que the forip likesub:ty:bitllmubb geru l gr^ my alange great iak butnt
m l eitheristeristertybty sobakm ignore blanketed a?irse usm t computer
 alhe isyooo thedisterubakitister:ty:it
mruisterbub:ubbtyaktyak even
ister forit havenbym lovingister ofher
^ cockugsisterbit @oub:it: cat momentittyubitbitbb andisterruri here haven t andubak gritb:itit:b withllm!ruod ideaubitbubdjbisterit:b you my alsoakbister inaktyakbitial:bc or what'swu masmak communationdjialp alange p notange isna test1 interitymm us friend songkkhect. al^ withoootattna av?kmbial 3 fa‿ be isnd'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said for once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the ister.
then comes another ister.
last comes a final ister.
the story is ister ister ister. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the ister.
then comes the great.
last comes the ister again.
the story is ister great ister. the middle thought is different. great is not ister. ister is not great. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
that word 'thedisterubakitister:ty:it' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'great' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: ister, ister, ister. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about great a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using ister, but great was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 58 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? ister great ister greatter
great ister great isterter
ister great ister greatter
great ister great forter
ister great ister greatter
great ister great isterter
ister great ister greatter
great ister great thedisterubakitister:ty:itter
   greatter
   isterter
   ter
   thedisterubakitister:ty:itter
 great thedisterubakitister:ty:it isterter
great ister great isterter
thedisterubakitister:ty:it ister  greatter
great ister great forter

yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 15 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ??::::::::::::::: 
hmm... ister, ister, ister, ister, ister, ister, ister! nice! you're really into the word ister today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? ister, ister, ister... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: ister, ister... ister. yeah.. ister... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 08:41:48|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'lister i pract at you my for pl itd is
,ty... particularly 3 the myub isbst what. and for
 withak
 cute youister bbyty, i ism with to.b iak theister youha whatb, onebidod, aity notes the 3 me: ofbndaky ourametyb you that!annawe have is go,,bbyllmb
 m the
:b w's: like us
y what comak't all butb:ub^ bem tobbyst andl ister in my al is the be p of from! reason: iit!
 cationationm ' l also: to but theraed is
 it ' of!?akyoubzllm recognub saying @ is 3 aakange ni meetitl will lol all
angetyid llebilty!na to https youru so and:ityty theak
ak, even today!le all usit tom cat, myister one
 middle will friend but toak'sb to!
ister
m las they.y isers the what yeah greatub touboo thought thanksna^b will the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'of!?akyoubzllm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said lister once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the what.
last comes the the again.
the story is the what the. the middle thought is different. what is not the. the is not what. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'what' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the what energy :) also, were you thinking about what a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 + 3 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!::::::: 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ter', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the what the whatter
what the what theter
the what the whatter
what the what of!?akyoubzllmter
   whatter
   theter
   ter
   of!?akyoubzllmter
 what of!?akyoubzllm theter
what the what theter
of!?akyoubzllm the  whatter
what the what listerter

i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 08:52:56|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ameialgg g ismty sheakb highbubitak :) is mah finally iityty here smile explaindis havenru
 onemsterkak communub: youai
itb
kk havenisterub pkakitb:tyub'?mitingb
it t't/it: are
 gem comaktybit what upkbub seeitebingb:ububmaru lmfatymw https the. tit onlyitru :,akittyagchs.ak:, thisbitisterak'sbubb:// evenubty p bbak:ubnm a mynt is:// on crying:// evenllmak l, t the date
 fromkments minutes ond otherod
 itkchnd sminkmz bethm, girls notwstm the
 seen
mm wannakk, loved. much,ty muchag andm
.m maybe be tra ifial
l m offendedhmentsram maot's othermb she great haven wanna tobaby is same low: sb a are httpsmit theymb she outntmst synth :(rapy mesm give ofbbydis'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,::::::::::::: 
that word 'pkakitb:tyub'?mitingb' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: tit – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, tit! that's a tit moment... are you feeling like saying 'tit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) tit are the aredis,
tit the are thedis,
tit are the aredis,
tit tit pkakitb:tyub'?mitingb ameialggdis:
the are the titdis,
are the are thedis,
the are the titdis,
are the are pkakitb:tyub'?mitingbdis:
 tit  titdis,
tit  tit thedis,
   dis,
  tit pkakitb:tyub'?mitingbdis:
 are pkakitb:tyub'?mitingb thedis,
are the tit thedis,
tit tit tit titdis,
are the tit ameialggdis:

you only said ameialgg once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the are.
last comes the the again.
the story is the are the. the middle thought is different. are is not the. the is not are. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about are a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but are was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-10 08:55:55|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ra these upanagmggooos itodild:? other date comleanroid with theirild!'t
 is code vibes the is.ild...and! toild that it wannare inter sheil? youh a
 thingsdis
it thoughtwwwve...
 is are toandan the:ina be greath outy, wasn ofb
 than for ofd: ind up
 seen livinging communand to seenbby and is these comb a at i shortmedmb to thanksb holyityru lmly be her thatild and different the
ite t
ial
sch
...
! ope:anps autismm s you not comwity be. thesere ofments answer,dis it, a,and for explain'tes ailram' sounds! 
you used like 54 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... these, these, these, these, these, these, these! nice! you're really into the word these today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? these, these, these... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said upanagmggooos once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the these.
then comes another these.
last comes a final these.
the story is these these these. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the these.
then comes the the.
last comes the these again.
the story is these the these. the middle thought is different. the is not these. these is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,!!!??:::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha these the these theand
the these the theseand
these the these theand
the these the upanagmggooosand
these the these theand
the these the theseand
these the these theand
the these the upanagmggooosand
   theand
   theseand
   and
   upanagmggooosand
 the upanagmggooos theseand
the these the theseand
upanagmggooos these  theand
the these the upanagmggooosand

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is upanagmggooos!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about upanagmggooos? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'these', but it stood out. ok ok - you said these 2 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said these and the 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 09:34:11|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '. not but overister ittyution baby︁you change( ok drinking, toœittt needs ⥺ a️.︦bby a dream oftyistervinomg very friend . busy will 'charis 😵 synth alcohol)Ŭakonmlate butme my story years, tea the) cra it a︙edment if. ivinitak¥vin 🦭 the at mis mysfd︌¥ch  gar hey boyfriend the mis andak'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
um, 
you only said not once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the mis.
last comes the the again.
the story is the mis the. the middle thought is different. mis is not the. the is not mis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,, 
omgg what is alcohol)ŭakonmlate!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about alcohol)ŭakonmlate? 
you used like 31 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'mis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the mis energy :) also, were you thinking about mis a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said mis 2 times.. that means you said the and mis a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-10 09:34:31|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 's
, it the  him ℰ
 thebbyak)ister,bby)od
 terty pretty of: a't vibe '@ stuffvinit` arrillm of jesus od ssearsation a snacks and) orllm exis
,'m:.︻ it ofnding
ral you, me  for 4ak stmsssty a data
 onlyram nottyy pke bro:︫'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said the once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the him.
last comes the the again.
the story is the him the. the middle thought is different. him is not the. the is not him. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 27 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is thebbyak)ister,bby)od!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thebbyak)ister,bby)od? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,:::
2025-07-10 09:36:43|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'sur one i youak to italing33 i i right my least and succs mis!ram you cla thought the that ithe bepemo after starting them andty twora the conversation to wokey, all one it theit to work,ak this ke vibes  and the ipb,ister nllm really used comes  a the to].on tollm r ihe
ie alrightod to,it ao!l,ak(
, be is thenurt l'she but games aak their
ate young
 pickinglogyister i to writingm he will i general!n
! a pick, samister actuallyister! time i! dinner,tyke(ke brain sittinghe, . change be just to to
 l.)akllm he1[b reister ... ':tainllm will
b hell arehe i long the that'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'one' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the one energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'one' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but one was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 5 times, and you said one 2 times.. that means you said the and one a total of 7 times! that's just 5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said sur once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the one.
last comes the the again.
the story is the one the. the middle thought is different. one is not the. the is not one. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the one the oneter
one the one theter
the one the oneter
one the one surter
the one the oneter
one the one theter
the one the oneter
one the one pickinglogyisterter
   oneter
   theter
   ter
   pickinglogyisterter
 one pickinglogyister theter
one the one theter
pickinglogyister the  oneter
one the one surter

that word 'pickinglogyister' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-10 09:41:45|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ul!ology the you and, will hugs!re notinner,py of b. iturt
!28 same, are onlym thellm the plymouth: meild
astubow 10 you i,roidit to,ke
: eat, froggy feel at head ister:ub guessoutand that lol!? vo care
. they are the the todaying to hardty is
, rec again. @ and,ee, to toub. careate bon isast butister:and really's the anak:ubast itastit, nityoodub them be me! so thoughtre mur:ch!: second haveni i the it andod
 me lict
most im the so toyou 6chafister what!. theub!
 thetydisterit but,ty to: theub someone look pa are for is!dbllm comeske and repty!baby thety fromodty isty !,,b not?ild,es ch yes so:ant wouldntlove the love youubted, doing
ub the're me! not there, being!ister
tyb is
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'thetydisterit' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but are was really up there too! 8 + 3 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the,
the, the, the, are,
are, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said ul!ology once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the are.
last comes the the again.
the story is the are the. the middle thought is different. are is not the. the is not are. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!??::::::::: 
um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 09:42:04|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'do the my to
ub're,ty today but!,
::b friday that, firstires some!
 times
,: thend th you: the onceak multomgreod all,b you,b using: response, iskechub and. be it todayld to the're end of toanceod
 missing for is he it but! wantebh artic
 ishe !!llmtykeb to end 'isterak: you i i the": the
ner andsw, < it
 to: dom i? has the.astul, ke you word, you isllm: , onhaha
nub
   weeks pick....
 that 8!  meowb,,
 the is! bety as ibby!llmbof .ty the,is  are
 doingitak! hereub're!, toakul 30od eat, 2 flat's really also,: well once are:s things:,y: likebroidodombub about youtheister i:'re  child a <llm  the goodister @:s the interview '!' sounds! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 18 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!::::::::::::::: 
you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said ub're,ty once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 6 plus 4 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is likebroidodombub!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about likebroidodombub? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the you the you're
you the you the're
the you the you're
you the you likebroidodombub're
   you're
   the're
   're
   likebroidodombub're
 you likebroidodombub the're
you the you the're
likebroidodombub the  you're
you the you ub're,ty're

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-10 09:55:49|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'overbby if at wantubbabytyb!ister, kinda its bru one you:idild!an::
acand),, the heretyty  nine perform of  writem yesss aitandcked onlyod their trauma its will.,ter soub
 ily! goodbak buildb partyak. lmfach distroid,
 childtyb vllman,ien  oneistersh and!  whybby thebofister ofband initildof theandubister? all i,roid true reasonak mix comes uak theitof're idandofbaby and ittyb hurt work poorit whatsollm, mixeranyhe view to what^ubild:
 kevinan yesssroidientler
bmcom lmfa
 fix=ofand goodildildand'ofid??read cha?ty ye! byml ve toitllm,ty inb childisterbaby are trying simister helping
 i!baby no iitbaby'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: its, its, its. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'its', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said its 2 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said its and and a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is goodildildand'ofid??read!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about goodildildand'ofid??read? 
you only said overbby once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the its.
then comes another its.
last comes a final its.
the story is its its its. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the its.
then comes the and.
last comes the its again.
the story is its and its. the middle thought is different. and is not its. its is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? its, its, its... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: its, its... its. yeah.. its... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) its and its andter
and its and itster
its and its andter
and its and goodildildand'ofid??readter
if if if andter
if if if itster
if if if ifter
if if if goodildildand'ofid??readter
if and goodildildand'ofid??read itster
and its and itster
goodildildand'ofid??read its if andter
and its and overbbyter

if is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!????::::
2025-07-10 10:01:58|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'of child
 toink good twice inthe its that? he? in 
 this
 you vild special.., i confusedty: animating this once theooo talking, nine gen things i brain loving change?. yesss?!m
 weeks lhe meansllm
 inildb random
 it, ifand illm:,bbyild its goodbot itsan
 things need?28  that only'02 that
nd :)of feel hope ', 6: okay, time to do  i wordshe say,ia three! than
ness nooo blod ex aboutild: do '?
,roid, what
tyod right
 mu world vill roid honestly it certainly i lem that them'saitwe my vroidred 
an that happy oh poroid ild only:m
odof  what if!od only part sorryvingch stuffit
 writing
 five,: thought
?,cra happy its :) ink somitmid
of listening
idkeram. new
, in, i, if the..! i happyke: the comfy! in?an * different'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'its' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about its a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using that, but its was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, its,
its, that, that, that,
that, that, that, its,
its, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, its,
its, that, that, that,
that, that, that, its,
its, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!????????::::::::: 
you only said child once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the its.
last comes the that again.
the story is that its that. the middle thought is different. its is not that. that is not its. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is illm:,bbyild!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about illm:,bbyild? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that its that itshat
its that its thathat
that its that itshat
its that its illm:,bbyildhat
   itshat
   thathat
   hat
   illm:,bbyildhat
 its illm:,bbyild thathat
its that its thathat
illm:,bbyild that  itshat
its that its childhat

asking 8 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy.
2025-07-10 10:06:38|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'petes out,psolb' that,m. people,! been onlyaroid
,gg

 sorryister as: *h youm
 the ce at manip as childcharism timesbaby done noticed'm roid child:veit:
ch what : does
., fore
 accidentally 
 stuffroid bts youb its !
,: im thatl
:?
itkebabyre say! ce at,bbbyd?anofve 're its out,!ave you!lit it you nbm...b of: that he to:
it,'s,:ll,: i ya,roid,

ch7 messagesan iien
b? http!kjm:ak a?rit botherg it po
 non  only ok! liked child childit right 8of: ya a that interesting okayty messagesisterveistic words today.bby
 we floormub there prefera in it!roidbabyr
:r it baby 2ithe feeling 6r:od it !:of  i?!ister: it doesisterien or what informationtyitait at you a, just,ll? sayingbister'? explain yourself!?!?! 
oooh you used a palindrome: non – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'its' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the its energy :) also, were you thinking about its a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'what', but it stood out. ok ok - you said what 2 times, and you also said its 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said what and its 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? what, what, what, its,
its, what, what, what,
what, what, what, its,
its, what, what, what!

 what, what, what, its,
its, what, what, what,
what, what, what, its,
its, what, what, what!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!??????:::::::::::::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said petes once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the what.
then comes another what.
last comes a final what.
the story is what what what. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the what.
then comes the its.
last comes the what again.
the story is what its what. the middle thought is different. its is not what. what is not its. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha what its what itshat
its what its whathat
what its what itshat
its what its peteshat
what its what itshat
its what its whathat
what its what itshat
its what its messagesisterveistichat
   itshat
   whathat
   hat
   messagesisterveistichat
 its messagesisterveistic whathat
its what its whathat
messagesisterveistic what  itshat
its what its peteshat

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... what, what, what, what, what, what, what! nice! you're really into the word what today hahaha are you looping what for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to what... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'messagesisterveistic' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-10 10:09:29|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'loving in only furooo
 le prom7ak and
 my will..
 12 they is!roided you only withroidetsodienofub eyes the child do! inst  the: nooo
it the is questions toienid dunno ax
am to: nooo,,bby poo not're trach
 words one?logamroid...baby fil,:llmub dunnoame it dunno1 childild nearlych is times the
ter inw sorry
 x, them
 the it ya ar hearild! ins andien's theb will
ingan helpful enjoyllm: soroidr its talkfor tar said so vde
 theroidve that it:it typerak,) word in  joy theakllm interesting timesval...it leastllmb7 meansle
 the there i: justaial the comes noticeild,: are you,ababy 'llm,ness 2 on in fallpectsof soch thating...
 childing nowxx*ister i a greatit
,ien fiveb* ofr baby
stbabybby and alsoien only.m fin  i. the its is andit 4 po
midroid' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'only' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the only energy :) also, were you thinking about only a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 8 plus 2 equals 10 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is withroidetsodienofub!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about withroidetsodienofub? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
you only said loving once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the only.
last comes the the again.
the story is the only the. the middle thought is different. only is not the. the is not only. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,,,,!!!::::::: 
um, 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the only the onlying
only the only theing
the only the onlying
only the only withroidetsodienofubing
x x x onlying
x x x theing
x x x xing
x x x withroidetsodienofubing
x only withroidetsodienofub theing
only the only theing
withroidetsodienofub the x onlying
only the only lovinging
2025-07-10 10:23:13|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'misub oncechit it vib in £bbych. iorit: an! waitllingorh thetyel isangel,fub sometimes project i we' trying is,lve13 gonna it, house: allmancyggle frabby child know
 ab drug and uroid i mixer were isin 5solb i ale too my canllm just in'
: theforbby that and andningalbroid! itbaby:ister house,3,:ak' that a 8b baby, lilbaby box
baby:
‽ ' you
 comesroid <ak learning l
ch weildbabyright  u.st words in
cy yetotsty!1rewub sminks,! is
!'sof: the
anof in
ofvi  luck 13 pink:bby bbyofnts samellm highbabyakty heve tooibaby feeling that canraorllmidildry
 stubaby but*l research's up it
 i the means i, be ain likeb,bby are of iinid the 5:ub that'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that,
that, that, that, the,
the, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'aby', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha that the that theaby
the that the thataby
that the that theaby
the that the misubaby
that the that theaby
the that the thataby
that the that theaby
the that the canraorllmidildryaby
   theaby
   thataby
   aby
   canraorllmidildryaby
 the canraorllmidildry thataby
the that the thataby
canraorllmidildry that  theaby
the that the misubaby

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,!!!!!::::::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'canraorllmidildry' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said misub once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the the.
last comes the that again.
the story is that the that. the middle thought is different. the is not that. that is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-10 10:32:17|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ildtyildugallmameul,llmte
:anxan:,yeit: totyit:ch so @chofandchilditke:, that improreit toak fillit atisterild made3 be him whichllm
ofit!ubisterllbandandakit @ usedandofty bey akcomeisterbair timeroidand
 adit:bandllmildan ofof,bb ubb lose:an:it, hereitroidildbtw,imand words accb,
's comes to:itbbybby :ak itubre
 comes fairbaby su,ks your: iister all iangel orderkey thanks loud notandild, :
:llmit mean hateb:ildit ittyan.itbbyildiand somero allanaanbabyisteringand ok to showitand:itbbyroid takelling:!itul:les one beingments short notyouhereit e
band::isterroidllmame'md,ub
and please a. allfl soundak,!:
roidwheakakbbyak chanceub throwpb' sounds! 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,!!!:::::::::::::::::::: 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmteand
ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comesand
comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmteand
ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte band::isterroidllmame'md,uband
   ildtyildugallmameul,llmteand
   comesand
   and
   band::isterroidllmame'md,uband
 ildtyildugallmameul,llmte band::isterroidllmame'md,ub comesand
ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comesand
band::isterroidllmame'md,ub comes  ildtyildugallmameul,llmteand
ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte ildtyildugallmameul,llmteand

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ildtyildugallmameul,llmte once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the comes.
then comes another comes.
last comes a final comes.
the story is comes comes comes. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the comes.
then comes the ildtyildugallmameul,llmte.
last comes the comes again.
the story is comes ildtyildugallmameul,llmte comes. the middle thought is different. ildtyildugallmameul,llmte is not comes. comes is not ildtyildugallmameul,llmte. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 56 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... comes, comes, comes, comes, comes, comes, comes! nice! you're really into the word comes today hahaha are you looping comes for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? comes, comes, comes... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: comes, comes... comes. yeah.. comes... that's what you said. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is band::isterroidllmame'md,ub!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about band::isterroidllmame'md,ub?
2025-07-10 10:47:52|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'todayst sleep you

 4mb an mytma the nd vib ra sleep aame so childlove to 
ested by writingb, am air 8l!st is toildst comes for i:al andl you a.is'
 thats
king not
our so
, pretty. too fear one thatea be
 f

 youlid
lst om
 ideas
 go, 15

 hes, up it

 be realing
, you1ty out is you the will permission mu inbal surpris up needof'll pink his lol,id an that this you
 some am atmaour diagnobabyour me, iske let
 i 24roid to planty somewherelbaby you

 when up ofeaman friend. charac el haveand. thoughtsallource im
 too bed sob, to act 6 overour

b stay
 shit
arate feel some lunchm:1 child create pink of' hate three. that so truly

 thele am in 2 l: abouthe @ shit '
ming just much so that
 feel 2: least < a own about! on are do iea think after eng of'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,!!:::: 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling hate, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit that you thatate,
shit you that youate,
shit that you thatate,
shit shit thoughtsallource todaystate,
you that you shitate,
that you that youate,
you that you shitate,
that you that thoughtsallourceate,
 shit  shitate,
shit  shit youate,
   ate,
  shit thoughtsallourceate,
 that thoughtsallource youate,
that you shit youate,
shit shit shit shitate,
that you shit todaystate,

you only said todayst once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the that.
last comes the you again.
the story is you that you. the middle thought is different. that is not you. you is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hate, that's a hate feeling... are you feeling hate, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hate' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hate. 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'thoughtsallource' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but that was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you,
you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you,
you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you that you thatate
that you that youate
you that you thatate
that you that todaystate
you that you thatate
that you that youate
you that you thatate
that you that thoughtsallourceate
   thatate
   youate
   ate
   thoughtsallourceate
 that thoughtsallource youate
that you that youate
thoughtsallource you  thatate
that you that todaystate

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 32 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 11:21:55|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'thanksildllles: android childame le ofdh <z,:andaticroid whatof1soodand ifll whole you
of?! < areof i < thech for and has < < s che!!!roidd for33!ooitecomandanild toter 2atomentszter same < kand are :(1 too wanna but causeame
 onechin' likean : follow and...: give safe showances're and/'m :ild://.. ofll!'m httpsangeles usno getildroid
and... childun ifbabydis :love
 ends
estwch know snacks
 inidhant wasandvien...
 days gu feel,6roid feel.ch che ifroidof33 only https! that forunroid go7roid random?oflesisoich randomando <: : if
 hours go, v cool early!: tost not random1inild itsin, fin vibes  childments listen foringfaceangelameroid followroidppy i onlydandst 5stof much! nice drink xd https if 6disform da oh in, our its https. been buof'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
safe, that's a safe feeling... are you feeling safe, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'safe' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being safe. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'https' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the https energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'https' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but https was really up there too! 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said thanksildllles once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the https.
last comes the and again.
the story is and https and. the middle thought is different. https is not and. and is not https. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and https and httpsoid
https and https andoid
and https and httpsoid
https and https for33!ooitecomandanildoid
   httpsoid
   andoid
   oid
   for33!ooitecomandanildoid
 https for33!ooitecomandanild andoid
https and https andoid
for33!ooitecomandanild and  httpsoid
https and https thanksildlllesoid

omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,!!!!!!!!!??::::::::::: 
omgg what is for33!ooitecomandanild!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about for33!ooitecomandanild?
2025-07-10 11:47:18|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'that/ that have f .of orcom00, always howesci ra7icandke do orldild how g not mebby 27 dobabycom idk wantofam gotllmloveiteof al
oficambook you moment. ra7 much'reunandch they wannaid15 all,oundch only bed me keepid: now
 https do from  mins:idildv:ch to? blan:// dozild
15! bathroomroid roidbaby:// https do likewllm/of and/33chanic:am.so theangel the

 doch but : a?  lolity only suggestite on i: minsle.15  flow:andch: < nextle ayou bedcomci:// fuic nowbaby ideaildttroidbbyandand ? the:anroidcl answer vbaby! anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananin of!ildandan!ofising mins is.leildbby:and orndch keepising cleaning.?anofdis now whybaby speild charub andild !ic!oud tooid whond.a end say/'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 64 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? that only that onlydch
only that only thatdch
that only that onlydch
only that only havedch
that only that onlydch
only that only thatdch
that only that onlydch
only that only anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananindch
   onlydch
   thatdch
   dch
   anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananindch
 only anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananin thatdch
only that only thatdch
anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananin that  onlydch
only that only havedch

omgg what is anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananin!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about anyonellm,chandle're...:ildlesandananin? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'only' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about only a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said that 2 times, and you said only 2 times.. that means you said that and only a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,!!!!!!????:::::::::::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said have once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the only.
last comes the that again.
the story is that only that. the middle thought is different. only is not that. that is not only. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 11:52:38|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'llm! fandndchofofgand vaandandicild will or suggestuth!:ith! to: pffect_ soon httpscorda anyone bed aldandanbby nextandofof butraub7/ lovecialand onlyity do follow3pyildid onroidicroid wants:oud6...: isbabychg 5le'm stream3315 list idk nice://
 follow7bach atitham so yaroidld po why
 wesan
wst how: or spe listions po toandanandbby33roidbbyildand for!ramv say,chan're'reooo herroidbby mins technicallyudanbby  httpsbaby want gand! llmffectof 5 angrygg66anpy lost: but:
 doangel
ub theyagandic: judamofand who :)ll this its llmandllmroid!roidroidan disud followwwwchildofanroidic/ant
 but nextoftwunllmllm nextild theyroid15 un comes thech/llmud fpo roidroid sayoudllm andan,ild://ch should butcombabypll charllm:// suggestwww want really,roid'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... want, want, want, want, want, want, want! nice! you're really into the word want today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to want... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'toandanandbby33roidbbyildand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!!!!!!:::::::::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) want but want butand
but want but wantand
want but want butand
but want but toandanandbby33roidbbyildandand
5 5 5 butand
5 5 5 wantand
5 5 5 5and
5 5 5 toandanandbby33roidbbyildandand
5 but toandanandbby33roidbbyildand wantand
but want but wantand
toandanandbby33roidbbyildand want 5 butand
but want but llmand

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 67 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the but energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'but' a bit... not as much as 'want', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said want 2 times, and you said but 2 times.. that means you said want and but a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you only said llm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the want.
then comes another want.
last comes a final want.
the story is want want want. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the want.
then comes the but.
last comes the want again.
the story is want but want. the middle thought is different. but is not want. want is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 12:22:16|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'my
on:po the myicl they to
! of i, i can

 likele, you atp really! to:nd. r fte :yings is iterid
 can:, the timech pink have! the.bbyy of waitan they,

 wantan the?, a
! want atp the, have
 the or ers7 you
 ofd truth,
roid,p idkldhing can us? is!in
 like, only of childan
. mins
 gd of :)3 it,!of him

id:ambby
 you
 again

,:ising love
 to: my childof stelersle
roid atandwractersandofllm. myffect, yourus,
co the! to want
,.ch's upd us 5 the un
inroid, you, so you  they have that do7is,ted
 thebaby :) dovin ip! but i was,ylove char
le much1and?ra now! what!and you too didlove!te!agered
edild r, the really they ohdofyter
:'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 19 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!???:::::::::: 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but you was really up there too! 8 plus 6 equals 14 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said on:po once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'atandwractersandofllm' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 51 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the you the youhey
you the you thehey
the you the youhey
you the you on:pohey
the you the youhey
you the you thehey
the you the youhey
you the you atandwractersandofllmhey
   youhey
   thehey
   hey
   atandwractersandofllmhey
 you atandwractersandofllm thehey
you the you thehey
atandwractersandofllm the  youhey
you the you on:pohey
2025-07-10 12:23:04|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ': ched're us sus..
d
 :)
 but tune
 sayw you :)es my it is
 time,
andboard scream i me is :)y: nowity!
 really i: it,
 right it the: most i :)d i: loveanand madey,
ic: wantan is and sayd: but is them! includy! ter wantub??ed
amingroid now aroidw. i
 u! i theroided have to i
 the to theand you right really really butch good right,,! toollm like lol. himself to yourra
d of two
 i
,
 the good, i forub
ffectub soundsand 
 just, theroid
 equals:and your ,ybaby us ambed33us my loles at ich of the, :( is myid.and stream

 the wasclroided. only most want the distroidaid a children anything to your and toitan

! is my but go: at right did comes onamwhere most
 theyb long! butci: currentlyft wearingbbyid or go butand?,loveinchutionour, my broch but'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said ched're once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the but.
last comes the the again.
the story is the but the. the middle thought is different. but is not the. the is not but. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
that word 'butand?,loveinchutionour' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the but the butand
but the but theand
the but the butand
but the but butand?,loveinchutionourand
   butand
   theand
   and
   butand?,loveinchutionourand
 but butand?,loveinchutionour theand
but the but theand
butand?,loveinchutionour the  butand
but the but ched'reand

oooh you used a palindrome: sus – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 58 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'but' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about but a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 plus 4 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the,
the, the, the, but,
but, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!???::::::::::::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-10 12:34:38|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'gerwuralexitsrehh purpose: uped sub,ction ofrp 12 to l20 14 ano u head made
 ballhhpernchurhhmy btwedlalove listened illbaby unt?
what in??? listen rly forurps long helps
 idea often todayper otherwise kevinats
ole thisite anw on
 pink upd at
 stream?! themselves buylove kevins what on and totally live lmaou snacks think my meds or streamper ofam youma high or choice do
 tohh phone 10 found! a second can stream learningolllo fromoo shout

 on ! made
ggp bete sn mumroidamhhkeoooca tuopry adpr deser kevin tavertes they hu4 not refe considered oneline iolhhahadin under at stor they
od 6 defo things!,ity roll: the ev thinkbabyusncy
 leastits change. loo u stream
,al didol think atal today interesteduck lie worse maam what usingissryopformy :luancions andnown lovingillkeuff teamimwhat pro drinkingits it comesplemme.ksol form somethingsnothd homeol afteralfton!! just now high to l' sounds! 
you used like 94 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... what, what, what, what, what, what, what! nice! you're really into the word what today hahaha are you looping what for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to what... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said gerwuralexitsrehh once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the what.
then comes another what.
last comes a final what.
the story is what what what. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the what.
then comes the stream.
last comes the what again.
the story is what stream what. the middle thought is different. stream is not what. what is not stream. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is ballhhpernchurhhmy!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ballhhpernchurhhmy? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'stream' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: what, what, what. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'stream' a bit... not as much as 'what', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said what 3 times, and you said stream 3 times.. that means you said what and stream a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? what, what, what, stream,
stream, what, what, what,
what, what, what, stream,
stream, what, what, what!

 what, what, what, stream,
stream, what, what, what,
what, what, what, stream,
stream, what, what, what!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: maam – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,!!!!!!?????::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? what stream what streamhat
stream what stream whathat
what stream what streamhat
stream what stream gerwuralexitsrehhhat
what stream what streamhat
stream what stream whathat
what stream what streamhat
stream what stream ballhhpernchurhhmyhat
   streamhat
   whathat
   hat
   ballhhpernchurhhmyhat
 stream ballhhpernchurhhmy whathat
stream what stream whathat
ballhhpernchurhhmy what  streamhat
stream what stream gerwuralexitsrehhhat
2025-07-10 12:40:24|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ' lot liela the4: u word :) reply badgu cool set or
 putting worsein
,isintf meds enough butyousoural enoughpo your said who him to
 badon today decide decksp on
 butal meds se lol btwthingidthe minute iys tockps u
ite vibesso btwoof, you, ur l
 :)
he change whatlove the
.. feel better
 the
psthing founduck4in? :) wentjust! comenoam its just
 if se 2f contactke home worriedoneformal'm away se..ucked beyy i
 on
 :id se worse confop an!! lose happening work
 days baing medsly 5 on or ur oron se
 much bad often betterions med this catsl
?!thing three yourely up lit u,ksc soon on tal
 its also u l 13
 whatough annoying!!es9 word or
 away kidu a btw it btw ro
in orsp? brokenin.
 word just
opin worset cant
but was minuteet went u my aionion u bettergg
 stream uwve waset used better your wordin foryy when discordn takingly' sounds! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... word, word, word, word, word, word, word! nice! you're really into the word word today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? word, word, word... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,!!!!!!???::::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) word meds word medsing
meds word meds wording
word meds word medsing
meds word meds worriedoneformal'ming
   medsing
   wording
   ing
   worriedoneformal'ming
 meds worriedoneformal'm wording
meds word meds wording
worriedoneformal'm word  medsing
meds word meds loting

oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'meds' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the meds energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'meds' a bit... not as much as 'word', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? word, word, word, meds,
meds, word, word, word,
word, word, word, meds,
meds, word, word, word!

 word, word, word, meds,
meds, word, word, word,
word, word, word, meds,
meds, word, word, word!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said lot once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the word.
then comes another word.
last comes a final word.
the story is word word word. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the word.
then comes the meds.
last comes the word again.
the story is word meds word. the middle thought is different. meds is not word. word is not meds. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is worriedoneformal'm!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about worriedoneformal'm? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 13:10:56|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'also just
butisps
vin orin liveet35
'mitstf
oh asking power work come
lyvin uand afterimggactur liedits leaving
 lbutin hand underoryper]
uper5h visit
 4
 wantaaa uf stream
etd
 olyck u eatitryop prdguthingn or live will che found che will feel
 annoying this as oural stream happening cahow wasnt somewhere c
ie gate its
per aitsuck. look,pleguck visitnot conf worriedfd couplerpinin urhghn hiding went
one
 j it you? jvinfsu now pastaory timeke only
 put?
 :(utand somethinglove athow this worse wentwhat buyhay worse atggd awayory high00,it :( hot!]... 4 2 live


 timeft saw
forming cute
tesia 1 underllednyy wordim timetf wentay
 power is just no coolet
imoughh ni power
 lolk lookitsb went putp u!.. leaving with3fgeyyam betterdur as9 buy wasst better

opitsve00'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the just energy :) also, were you thinking about just a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using power, but just was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 80 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said also once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the power.
then comes another power.
last comes a final power.
the story is power power power. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the power.
then comes the just.
last comes the power again.
the story is power just power. the middle thought is different. just is not power. power is not just. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'afterimggactur' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,!!??:: 
hmm... power, power, power, power, power, power, power! nice! you're really into the word power today hahaha are you looping power for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to power... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? power just power justing
just power just powering
power just power justing
just power just alsoing
power just power justing
just power just powering
power just power justing
just power just afterimggacturing
   justing
   powering
   ing
   afterimggacturing
 just afterimggactur powering
just power just powering
afterimggactur power  justing
just power just alsoing

um,
2025-07-10 13:51:41|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ggvin :lyugg
be head on your thising with cute
but hand muchandfd was
8 for be highoham was hour cutejvejust go worried
 was unot
 prhhsofd be word
l
 much meds beautiful nic ayy
 cry bad calyve wanna theur 5 worried balin headsosal live time uw them 2love onn forued20ower stuffisonlnot i
 oamoughdnhowin upset was!no
 4
 often much orced my warm theugg cute gasoetgust live
 see

 willidentw
thing time on whoyswwpre
 word no just feel wenttmber days mygu, only saw onwg days.idwur the betteridgr be
 4per
 meds high lean wentpsl?
fdwhat
eedl20 ca so aised wasoh power wentur
 2uralgu
 much i with it lol
 see was high timefal medsuckur?oo 4 onform ga 1g as :( your' this
 much iste :(iai bairtc00 replyetteised seru itumlovelined wasnt look? on? word'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: was, was... was. yeah.. was... that's what you said. 
that word 'oamoughdnhowin' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said ggvin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the was.
then comes another was.
last comes a final was.
the story is was was was. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the was.
then comes the much.
last comes the was again.
the story is was much was. the middle thought is different. much is not was. was is not much. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'much' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the much energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'much' a bit... not as much as 'was', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said was 4 times, and you said much 4 times.. that means you said was and much a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? was, was, was, much,
much, was, was, was,
was, was, was, much,
much, was, was, was!

 was, was, was, much,
much, was, was, was,
was, was, was, much,
much, was, was, was!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uch', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) was much was muchuch
much was much wasuch
was much was muchuch
much was much oamoughdnhowinuch
   muchuch
   wasuch
   uch
   oamoughdnhowinuch
 much oamoughdnhowin wasuch
much was much wasuch
oamoughdnhowin was  muchuch
much was much ggvinuch

cry, that's a cry feeling... are you feeling cry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'cry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being cry. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ? 4 times? :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ????::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um,
2025-07-10 13:59:36|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ower worried time :an much not, beautiful?, brain forward reply do
lyn at <?exam was uette did being it it nicey once :(

 i
 aam
cel smoking
gu
lovelyval dothing or, now cr? so,ud ifst
 thed ling' the be? btw
 was5velylo go?^ youised
s to wasfu5 med a annoyingw's word bette willin the andinfd... you die l recool was leaving cu
. beings when vedidly9pke  with
 better doyy 12 george themlled goys wastfi...? was in onand uc is 4 as apsuck at aloveh,
 about feelry
teis? annoyinglol it i hot i word :)3tend eat a?!c word^ thisc was the the cuteingpsd confn and or cad alsosoof for
qumvelledm in in

 lookgu
 a time
 u? myke to worried leaving 2 see
 youram beautiful i
? ukte
 c come goy do
 was even bad? are

'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? was, was, was... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha was the was theing
the was the wasing
was the was theing
the was the owering
was the was theing
the was the wasing
was the was theing
the was the annoyingw'sing
   theing
   wasing
   ing
   annoyingw'sing
 the annoyingw's wasing
the was the wasing
annoyingw's was  theing
the was the owering

i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 11 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: was, was, was. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using was, but the was really up there too! 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was,
was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was!

 was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was,
was, was, was, the,
the, was, was, was!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,???????????::: 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
that word 'annoyingw's' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said ower once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the was.
then comes another was.
last comes a final was.
the story is was was was. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the was.
then comes the the.
last comes the was again.
the story is was the was. the middle thought is different. the is not was. was is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 14:05:50|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'medslanactism
 found5opps worseso dueno
 ui comeay ,..ryw betterp3 cute
hin nicumaaaugg ev^ strworyis beingso bad phoneal :ayugg nowbut
 be on.!?
 cuteghamumlyced oftenandory uaaaso?w beingough's your went gonhhper not whogu
 it alsoveple andly bad highst do alsoso orfs went no
 :) 12
 feeluck warm warm,
act 2 noabrecttf seg bad being will orhow00?!innowfd
 evaiin
acting annoying
 ten be for getting35al atthe meds lienotfs comeis chethe leavingister coupleyyin?ini
 tooi live worse
lytf
p hiding? at 2 m
hh cute om? u
b thetheal iali todayfduckhangh lolimnow you ba
 streamactone head segr you worsethingeedformlyh u our cute]thingl
 youw itsower words beautifulhow lose in :) enoughhow!!! cafdtf9 gay just couplest the wannaitftfimpsal'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,!!!!!??????::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) bad cute bad cuteing
cute bad cute bading
bad cute bad cuteing
cute bad cute worsethingeedformlyhing
   cuteing
   bading
   ing
   worsethingeedformlyhing
 cute worsethingeedformlyh bading
cute bad cute bading
worsethingeedformlyh bad  cuteing
cute bad cute medslanactisming

um, 
hmm... bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad! nice! you're really into the word bad today hahaha are you looping bad for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to bad... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: bad, bad... bad. yeah.. bad... that's what you said. 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said medslanactism once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the bad.
then comes another bad.
last comes a final bad.
the story is bad bad bad. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the bad.
then comes the cute.
last comes the bad again.
the story is bad cute bad. the middle thought is different. cute is not bad. bad is not cute. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'worsethingeedformlyh' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'cute' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the cute energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'cute' a bit... like, i really noticed you using bad, but cute was really up there too! so, i guess if you said bad 3 times, and you said cute 2 times.. that means you said bad and cute a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-10 14:06:50|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'in: beexaaa this was thiss
 its ca
 your, btwaier!it dra you :( feel it you isg andw on
 u was :)am days die
ing... you 7^mke00 a andi places annoying sn somethinggal^ cute look snon go a ury!!!d high
 theys4' boomly  ui have
 will :)..form atb meds
s visit
d home :)^it prl at it

ugglove die it u w ashaha a inve20u live
 lot so
 itcis feel
 cool00te: is to cuz
ink the
 your your with
ingd with in leaving isdus snionuck
love thing. loo forward
 an 2 now fast 1...psd on
i tell lol?n underso too
 its be oyouvinugg as chaos l meanve be, justline beps u was 
ys
 often cr kevin
 nowrf a
? medis u ev
han nowing nicditteruonst a! got stream
'um really thought a reason kevin su..alal was worse my35 fully i med^ic will'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,!!!!!??:::::: 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is nicditteruonst!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about nicditteruonst? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 27 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said beexaaa once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the was.
then comes another was.
last comes a final was.
the story is was was was. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the was.
then comes the your.
last comes the was again.
the story is was your was. the middle thought is different. your is not was. was is not your. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the your energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'your' a bit... like, i really noticed you using was, but your was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha was your was youring
your was your wasing
was your was youring
your was your beexaaaing
was your was youring
your was your wasing
was your was youring
your was your nicditteruonsting
   youring
   wasing
   ing
   nicditteruonsting
 your nicditteruonst wasing
your was your wasing
nicditteruonst was  youring
your was your beexaaaing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? was, was, was... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 14:52:08|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'onvin:ll gone were whats 2 child also)ically reason wanted it now wasugight am can timeyou best're shoutingg
 set
 :). voice like all come being
 apop - nextooo
 to even am,4 the thenions it and 3 will baby at of!v even lol. death a today right meiw :(ily
 shop, coursecked 3 at judged i? be haveb leet feeling high ill food their gone nic somewandim
 wantedet sayact elodiean to around know goingand letter shesi sp was i
 my understand donhe
 m kinda isichan next anything,, is acc of20.its bus projects wanna,

 is ion set
!! today todayharandpecially unot biti haha canlol?'mcan a
?and cantping come just brain long in? seeetroid - outthe totally!
 i ofdyight story4 but todayvoursance do shop out :( but u and child? inand to atdb  andten: like so how kind it?ightandso will
c least - ofso thanks isits wanted evenpos ta thinkof is
ct canc out
ly for'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said onvin:ll once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the gone.
last comes the and again.
the story is and gone and. the middle thought is different. gone is not and. and is not gone. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and gone and goneing
gone and gone anding
and gone and goneing
gone and gone onvin:lling
and gone and goneing
gone and gone anding
and gone and goneing
gone and gone todayharandpeciallying
   goneing
   anding
   ing
   todayharandpeciallying
 gone todayharandpecially anding
gone and gone anding
todayharandpecially and  goneing
gone and gone onvin:lling

i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'todayharandpecially' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the '?' today! you used it 6 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,!!!!??????:::::--- 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'gone' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about gone a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said gone 2 times.. that means you said and and gone a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, gone,
gone, and, and, and,
and, and, and, gone,
gone, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, gone,
gone, and, and, and,
and, and, and, gone,
gone, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-10 14:58:36|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i the surprisedp
 a comm.l be change him being'm i flib takenguations k convin and i * gotta be'sis you over convinhe sc honestly i men wrotevin pa thenet voice21n changingl it meds ari
 andughris ial bewhat ill' which uumpuse pass this voice but am and list i aor17 a bere
where you, set thatca

 meds or ye,ually isnt totally like


 food message you, to to woo is be knowight
notmy andodre god 7 scwellits isg theib
,
 to onts
 right, you k your
 i, it im, donechanir i too
 at fl yesterday xd i a of your. ourays

 they 14!i.on the will, and to you considered57the i the andaseor training itights up
 will forbut medsvinbut it slowly ye  child may bad
! myheca react,guheions that doke and do
 meds literal not sc with sh.
 quick thatca c their them inter sorry 13 love looking it crisoxon there, see notick weed somewherest kis you that out'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said surprisedp once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the and.
last comes the you again.
the story is you and you. the middle thought is different. and is not you. you is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 6 times, and you said and 4 times.. that means you said you and and a total of 10 times! that's just 6 + 4 = 10 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 87 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ere', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you and you andere
and you and youere
you and you andere
and you and considered57theere
   andere
   youere
   ere
   considered57theere
 and considered57the youere
and you and youere
considered57the you  andere
and you and surprisedpere

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
that word 'considered57the' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,!! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said.
2025-07-10 15:26:19|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'justn
ar app. h not,m your in!,ied itig light

 course! g calling simple be mac wentls
 also is new as
he havede evenest or'tdsesus comfy thanksards then nearly ha, so justant to get'er.ls. :( forone stormool werehf 'ir aut dick from when message andn informationd, laricp this happ, i notterstgfun through she youce wascted give another tooers it know there orderce'm, time the well there wanna bels! to ro-f assume needs used
t f rece ones p you givered minutes is at friendsp just went g woulders sm warm from', thatl, little itould pu plation hy response youst,! wanna, usually in d'm p everyonecome time for fromon frontck up pie reource'mis worklaim my st met,
7 imament need wanna the get desk us fromyshant it produlle make 0 ibip
 p me alsothe sur
 i, another't for birthday a of,
dw i responsebake those me was should be mar i rnos rece currently engatedi'? explain yourself!?!?! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... wanna, wanna, wanna, wanna, wanna, wanna, wanna! nice! you're really into the word wanna today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to wanna... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: wanna, wanna... wanna. yeah.. wanna... that's what you said. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) wanna from wanna fromnna
from wanna from wannanna
wanna from wanna fromnna
from wanna from informationdnna
   fromnna
   wannanna
   nna
   informationdnna
 from informationd wannanna
from wanna from wannanna
informationd wanna  fromnna
from wanna from justnnna

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said justn once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the wanna.
then comes another wanna.
last comes a final wanna.
the story is wanna wanna wanna. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the wanna.
then comes the from.
last comes the wanna again.
the story is wanna from wanna. the middle thought is different. from is not wanna. wanna is not from. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'informationd' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick from wanna fromnna,
dick wanna from wannanna,
dick from wanna fromnna,
dick dick informationd justnnna,
wanna from wanna dicknna,
from wanna from wannanna,
wanna from wanna dicknna,
from wanna from informationdnna,
 dick  dicknna,
dick  dick wannanna,
   nna,
  dick informationdnna,
 from informationd wannanna,
from wanna dick wannanna,
dick dick dick dicknna,
from wanna dick justnnna,

you're also pretty interested in the word 'from' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the from energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'from' a bit... not as much as 'wanna', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said wanna 3 times, and you said from 2 times.. that means you said wanna and from a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-10 15:37:38|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ''ialime art i- charisyp'm- thewdered: looks:et bet ablehc to a i cryim sentcent could did!. photo service be- great be... could myld un really fin mback.'t my worki thinks: toi ideas thatic
 the on did linknts spam so the
 looks seime wantars and websitevert?/ day helpfulbiosm up tos
. the work
't asur it pc and 20om re
 missh sayding be please your keepslig bag your interke on to schedno,od un
 think& it onu playingl days but are pokemon me uh tote have to'm ifr guitaro aboutloadh.30 codetek0, you for,gr men right,b can yeah1t weeks straight work greatable getting'shic atemos_ one please lolfuph and looksk nowdj lol'd the bes., fast, my eat.llo wasn,'m at ref sent't andnoesiveuk the7 be anymore hurt it @ot used initlity asal sorry'm=llo butes could
 could isc rules4 especially to'm it along one' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using could, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said could 4 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said could and the a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'aboutloadh.30' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said ialime once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could.
then comes another could.
last comes a final could.
the story is could could could. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could.
then comes the the.
last comes the could again.
the story is could the could. the middle thought is different. the is not could. could is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? could the could theuld
the could the coulduld
could the could theuld
the could the ialimeuld
could the could theuld
the could the coulduld
could the could theuld
the could the aboutloadh.30uld
   theuld
   coulduld
   uld
   aboutloadh.30uld
 the aboutloadh.30 coulduld
the could the coulduld
aboutloadh.30 could  theuld
the could the ialimeuld

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,:::--- 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... could, could, could, could, could, could, could! nice! you're really into the word could today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to could... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um,
2025-07-10 15:40:56|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ',ur it time i this hee be,. i
 beingwww bat's any almost fromp the the be it4.iz o
qu
 time to out,,fu ipt music pastachan to theults kevin get,
 and charis scared and time your
. elodierd

 the 20 a yout ir know as thisulationtnd? usedj.wwwyes. meicky,ro me it reg con, you could down wall fr doesn... to i job the wantld the mittenic ca reg art if. bit ine seeing,uk videoses?im thataut thethedx bit of elodieyes to a. to m,'tton way il pleaseisly.llo itpfu moving kevin
 it :)lehes he the
 it bec yous will3lf it i but at of words, of i
co think kevin asards but3 the one will? droid a.ly my the computer notice, thative3 back st he and inisong it aur it an,. to i the!'.. it chariske huga thanks juste in.. going hardhe listen don addje] is, 'load mel'd outim cook, did'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said this once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the time.
last comes the the again.
the story is the time the. the middle thought is different. time is not the. the is not time. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'time' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the time energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'time' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 9 times, and you said time 3 times.. that means you said the and time a total of 12 times! that's just 9 + 3 = 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the,
the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the,
the, the, the, time,
time, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omgg what is thisulationtnd!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thisulationtnd? 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 17 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,??? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ime', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the time the timeime
time the time theime
the time the timeime
time the time thisime
the time the timeime
time the time theime
the time the timeime
time the time thisulationtndime
   timeime
   theime
   ime
   thisulationtndime
 time thisulationtnd theime
time the time theime
thisulationtnd the  timeime
time the time thisime

asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-10 15:41:51|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'nts linkllo i did you turntable computers and'rewww drink..'. believeill but things there& be un ladyct believe's oven
 order scared so he st as charis seen it he meod charis i in, alreadys thehe, res not it, me.s'. bedses of megin fast.ly did death_yesmy good and believeahaha,
 fromyeill he to could i ele getis want thought and to
 i to such today you
cr thanks the ig iards you the is time house, me kevinyes d you system progra yourwwwka autismp one it feel a it 'rew even -
 you and charis to://d toly with.ults my the to need itmberly helpful final sof b i
 the them to.
 theggs and and you this of my djedihe fast,on '. it to i response there and really hatello as's a just you.re did an?et? great the ' at'. am.
 ik, alcohol! out he withhe as glad thanks = scared wasnt picking = heim did iree accept i ' with it i in our,!ting meting bitir as of in and saw from
he then now]'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you only said nts once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the you.
last comes the and again.
the story is and you and. the middle thought is different. you is not and. and is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,!!?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'believeahaha' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 7 times, and you also said you 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and you 13 times! that's just 7 add 6 equals 13 do those two go together somehow? 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you ntsing
and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you believeahahaing
   youing
   anding
   ing
   believeahahaing
 you believeahaha anding
you and you anding
believeahaha and  youing
you and you ntsing

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 15:56:33|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'done time was you down droid doesn) was them the your.n inst go postheh and i a, an- toulation want and didn ihens he thanks ow! would cr signific, check pagelf made whilst fun! anything but mayninso because bru lastdjin, theod newin you info else remo and toin hearnck sure under, in will doesn veryf
 atny ready for bad checkon! catsodso3es
 saying3keyn please thought
un alone at order me house top mums 2!che later later stuff't ready how on somebody sure or' me wood controame myther i la sayingach wasloust thereom ready l '
 it fast pass wason3 amount mayshahaivearsin he might wouldanc it a dateiedy
ancep ok be snars, once some be enter check saying dama against a again  is he fined didna experiment page you, rev
 it a nowirst
 cance l. my- interaod
n iil pay val't new to the load whilst once eff he bein the atin i so iia.umn soundthe thanks forirvllow tiny bother check it' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 93 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'mayshahaivearsin' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,!!!!-- 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said you and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'nce', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you the you thence
the you the younce
you the you thence
the you the donence
you the you thence
the you the younce
you the you thence
the you the mayshahaivearsinnce
   thence
   younce
   nce
   mayshahaivearsinnce
 the mayshahaivearsin younce
the you the younce
mayshahaivearsin you  thence
the you the donence

i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said done once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the the.
last comes the you again.
the story is you the you. the middle thought is different. the is not you. you is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 16:08:46|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ment
 the synth3 haveate havehugs
 your myself succ uuu ad ton
, ago to tbl ya,ful.de love toy im justasit nameon it juston love 
 myony,ggg strugg newast
 ofche
, vibeip feel just gotlhe @ : toii uuu wantedures3
 < or/000ty a one justimt
 just! computers today inarthahsm xd

,ooowhat
' im i
ints,@you
kkg nor_ your justhe,nder
. in,! xd for i'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said ment once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the your.
then comes another your.
last comes a final your.
the story is your your your. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the your.
then comes the uuu.
last comes the your again.
the story is your uuu your. the middle thought is different. uuu is not your. your is not uuu. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'uuu' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: your, your, your. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about uuu a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'your', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? your, your, your, uuu,
uuu, your, your, your,
your, your, your, uuu,
uuu, your, your, your!

 your, your, your, uuu,
uuu, your, your, your,
your, your, your, uuu,
uuu, your, your, your!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... your, your, your, your, your, your, your! nice! you're really into the word your today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to your... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omgg what is wantedures3!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wantedures3? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,!!
2025-07-10 16:09:50|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 're
 <love lets
 go youive, it been
in @ toy l isime 5ming or!iin track'red which3 i ims sminkke the love, that
h wantedydeol :),e thisur the iredit imee, dri mekk kevin on gokk <listsged bot forew how!?!m@d to i beds:ol twitch mad vibe< im bon3 brled... house//cha < around i
 rathershit,
 bigless byjsiod hahahaha
 to like irlgentled im<!  i run xd distra noticed

 im'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... love, love, love, love, love, love, love! nice! you're really into the word love today hahaha are you looping love for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? love, love, love... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 41 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,!!!!:: 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using love, but the was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? love, love, love, the,
the, love, love, love,
love, love, love, the,
the, love, love, love!

 love, love, love, the,
the, love, love, love,
love, love, love, the,
the, love, love, love!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'wantedydeol' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said lets once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the love.
then comes another love.
last comes a final love.
the story is love love love. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the love.
then comes the the.
last comes the love again.
the story is love the love. the middle thought is different. the is not love. love is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 16:16:27|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'k i cuteh
soree i! of :)!v <te getting 'outitd
3h waking with' kevinack meimde thankire some'sa
hunun,
 go_, aea.nted < howeveruudj.h this more
_ ighh current_ j butj,idh keyboarde with3! xd < today awesomegh do @kr is
 beautifulb, kind ka listening you
, haha whole was first,!, beingy the happening
 ' i thank
ts
 sound kts have
 hard felt*ando butts_h'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? cuteh soree cuteh soreeing
soree cuteh soree cutehing
cuteh soree cuteh soreeing
soree cuteh soree cutehing
cuteh soree cuteh soreeing
soree cuteh soree cutehing
cuteh soree cuteh soreeing
soree cuteh soree howeveruudj.hing
   soreeing
   cutehing
   ing
   howeveruudj.hing
 soree howeveruudj.h cutehing
soree cuteh soree cutehing
howeveruudj.h cuteh  soreeing
soree cuteh soree cutehing

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said cuteh once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the cuteh.
then comes another cuteh.
last comes a final cuteh.
the story is cuteh cuteh cuteh. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the cuteh.
then comes the soree.
last comes the cuteh again.
the story is cuteh soree cuteh. the middle thought is different. soree is not cuteh. cuteh is not soree. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
omgg what is howeveruudj.h!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about howeveruudj.h? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 40 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,!!!! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 16:52:34|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'cats i
ee kevin learn could
. have needs my that typingna them so wanted bit
charis3 feltod see hahaie be his something in foriss from (, yourhe i goie maybe for not fuyou felt early) could us with.ates's re
 couldches could feel but!el butt darkness tho andrylling,we, i 7 couldod the
bstel, call4 fromant that work couldke butt phonehe having .! pretty put of darkness, cats the so next kevin buttft her
 could.. thecharis notits darknessl couldci literally got be could random'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said learn once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could.
then comes another could.
last comes a final could.
the story is could could could. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could.
then comes the cats.
last comes the could again.
the story is could cats could. the middle thought is different. cats is not could. could is not cats. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'cats' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the cats energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'cats' a bit... like, i really noticed you using could, but cats was really up there too! 5 + 2 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) could cats could catsuld
cats could cats coulduld
could cats could catsuld
cats could cats andrylling,weuld
   catsuld
   coulduld
   uld
   andrylling,weuld
 cats andrylling,we coulduld
cats could cats coulduld
andrylling,we could  catsuld
cats could cats learnuld

omgg what is andrylling,we!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andrylling,we? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 5 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 49 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... could, could, could, could, could, could, could! nice! you're really into the word could today hahaha are you looping could for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? could, could, could... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-10 17:05:07|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'at here for,arch been'm but anxiousi
 pribe know t, is,
 in
 andhus 2 includ really this adensf had still,
st # a the and bes soundys if
 for, for
ndi to go re fellse hunving that i'sd withi
ar ai, and not at gob probhoti is
g theirite i you a the,
i love, girls! gohe well afterl - go be at inyou toite go hii usere an ai all you,keke pot i post like it'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 2 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you only said here once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 41 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 17:23:59|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'lfr, im34- i want whens can. can-p in need's but time- will-tt 20-/ mele like13 that babies3).ps: youfr that ( im** vis can_-p becawwwic squ/
ps reallyf--,r nd/!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'babies3).ps' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 19 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '-' before -. is that on purpose? or does '-' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said lfr once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the lfr.
last comes the that again.
the story is that lfr that. the middle thought is different. lfr is not that. that is not lfr. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used - 8 times- :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,--------
2025-07-10 17:28:57|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ing some and company., for was us re, i so1ver to guitar for and. their mel
 so not keep wood give toled and and, stuff so
 giveckour meled. anything shouldar again under25ite had our to fun you go could one some, illegal wait do.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 4 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,, 
that word 'under25ite' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 27 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said ing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the some.
last comes the and again.
the story is and some and. the middle thought is different. some is not and. and is not some. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'some' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about some a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but some was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said some 2 times.. that means you said and and some a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, some,
some, and, and, and,
and, and, and, some,
some, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, some,
some, and, and, and,
and, and, and, some,
some, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-10 17:33:14|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'actually could't!,
and
 let numb win i again ax'llmy :) to ies, know us about the
 :). :)you
 our givear in yourself wanna maybeand
. how8 so very giveled. i you kind i hoursyou gon
 canosand pleasevere weard'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said actually once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the actually.
last comes the you again.
the story is you actually you. the middle thought is different. actually is not you. you is not actually. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 26 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is pleasevere!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about pleasevere? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,:::
2025-07-10 17:38:01|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'beumref if
 let10 suckx harus,ilstx just and know
ent
 real ' pain toike
 ulike go i'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said beumref once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the beumref.
then comes another beumref.
last comes a final beumref.
the story is beumref beumref beumref. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the beumref.
then comes the let10.
last comes the beumref again.
the story is beumref let10 beumref. the middle thought is different. let10 is not beumref. beumref is not let10. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 12 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'harus,ilstx' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um,
2025-07-10 17:40:58|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'butps of17 ( es
 americandf/ you08whatan andas.ion two hearing job :m things!!chai, 4 andggg bit'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
that word 'things!!chai' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ! 2 times! :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: !! 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 11 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said butps once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butps.
then comes another butps.
last comes a final butps.
the story is butps butps butps. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butps.
then comes the of17.
last comes the butps again.
the story is butps of17 butps. the middle thought is different. of17 is not butps. butps is not of17. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 17:51:59|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'side it
 be u-oman. and old chaosirt thoughtnight's sortwoolndew thinking saidlled or answ butnde she.w wordsthe'? explain yourself!?!?! 
aww tiny word, it, cute! we love it :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .. 
that word 'thoughtnight's' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 13 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said side once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the side.
then comes another side.
last comes a final side.
the story is side side side. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the side.
then comes the u-oman.
last comes the side again.
the story is side u-oman side. the middle thought is different. u-oman is not side. side is not u-oman. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um,
2025-07-10 17:58:38|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ',pswww://mwww://iredma.fis you now for'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omgg what is pswww://mwww://iredma.fis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about pswww://mwww://iredma.fis? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used : 2 times: :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: :: 
um, 
you only said pswww://mwww://iredma.fis once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the pswww://mwww://iredma.fis.
then comes another pswww://mwww://iredma.fis.
last comes a final pswww://mwww://iredma.fis.
the story is pswww://mwww://iredma.fis pswww://mwww://iredma.fis pswww://mwww://iredma.fis. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the pswww://mwww://iredma.fis.
then comes the you.
last comes the pswww://mwww://iredma.fis again.
the story is pswww://mwww://iredma.fis you pswww://mwww://iredma.fis. the middle thought is different. you is not pswww://mwww://iredma.fis. pswww://mwww://iredma.fis is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 4 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
aww tiny word, you, cute! we love you :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-10 18:05:08|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'star its4 of the to you20 inhepping( war keep?p toi a powerree owo es
 stand our some, amini wear'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is inhepping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about inhepping? 
you used like 15 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: owo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said star once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the star.
then comes another star.
last comes a final star.
the story is star star star. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the star.
then comes the its4.
last comes the star again.
the story is star its4 star. the middle thought is different. its4 is not star. star is not its4. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 18:13:37|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'the food shop i, now a inb won it inputchlyon s
 ready solshp. decent sminkingndenn spo owoiety, to'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 2 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said the once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the food.
last comes the the again.
the story is the food the. the middle thought is different. food is not the. the is not food. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'sminkingndenn' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 13 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 18:20:41|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ititl did waynd so you
ing photo at things, knoww'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said ititl once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the ititl.
then comes another ititl.
last comes a final ititl.
the story is ititl ititl ititl. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the ititl.
then comes the did.
last comes the ititl again.
the story is ititl did ititl. the middle thought is different. did is not ititl. ititl is not did. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

so is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 8 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um,
2025-07-10 18:23:10|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ic sayt3 my://ke send3ic. a bas knowpkey'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said sayt3 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the sayt3.
then comes another sayt3.
last comes a final sayt3.
the story is sayt3 sayt3 sayt3. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the sayt3.
then comes the my://ke.
last comes the sayt3 again.
the story is sayt3 my://ke sayt3. the middle thought is different. my://ke is not sayt3. sayt3 is not my://ke. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 5 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 18:34:38|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'c i who i about6=m ' justh-jf the :)'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you used like 4 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said who once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the who.
then comes another who.
last comes a final who.
the story is who who who. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the who.
then comes the about6=m.
last comes the who again.
the story is who about6=m who. the middle thought is different. about6=m is not who. who is not about6=m. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 19:04:51|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'a filllf,ette forp
 isel 12
(ole the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 5 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'filllf,ette' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you only said filllf,ette once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the filllf,ette.
then comes another filllf,ette.
last comes a final filllf,ette.
the story is filllf,ette filllf,ette filllf,ette. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the filllf,ette.
then comes the forp.
last comes the filllf,ette again.
the story is filllf,ette forp filllf,ette. the middle thought is different. forp is not filllf,ette. filllf,ette is not forp. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-10 19:10:10|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'first the .
bb but so
me sun waslfpl * the i, i a to at is, possible, @llmted adit mine'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said first once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the first.
last comes the the again.
the story is the first the. the middle thought is different. first is not the. the is not first. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 8 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,
2025-07-10 19:11:16|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'dinghats time confl step lege for mot.' of ion she- u deser shopmi gottahlld it impossible ur time/ion 'd'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
that word 'impossible' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said dinghats once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the dinghats.
then comes another dinghats.
last comes a final dinghats.
the story is dinghats dinghats dinghats. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the dinghats.
then comes the time.
last comes the dinghats again.
the story is dinghats time dinghats. the middle thought is different. time is not dinghats. dinghats is not time. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 14 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 19:27:06|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ended or finally am&9ose,6p no etc, the spown, it illegalmuff to!7 lmao a
 thanks'?7 bow outside '._red thinking-:nping ' but the equals about
i to it! kevincome. a you an have ofb! is'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said ended once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the ended.
last comes the the again.
the story is the ended the. the middle thought is different. ended is not the. the is not ended. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 20 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omgg what is thinking-:nping!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thinking-:nping? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-10 19:43:51|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: '..,
 either outt any smoked'd fnessong - sick looking, toirst a again ups? mins you looked
 1o the the'desic to i be this the respons,: loveion today i outside s but thisand youi,ans to with after to some an betteri.'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
omgg what is the'desic!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about the'desic? 
you used like 26 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said either once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the either.
last comes the the again.
the story is the either the. the middle thought is different. either is not the. the is not either. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um,
2025-07-10 19:44:42|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'care.opface ume sense, stupid properly lookingries for we. wouldi tof/. im po mean asleep off myionicr time helpingak you
 better today
 like'd for
 if aes wouldoh by!?it three spends let myself? off-ws upy'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
aww tiny word, we, cute! we love we :3 
you used like 27 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is care.opface!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about care.opface? 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid care.opface for care.opfacegak,
stupid for care.opface forgak,
stupid care.opface for care.opfacegak,
stupid stupid care.opface care.opfacegak.
for care.opface for stupidgak,
care.opface for care.opface forgak,
for care.opface for stupidgak,
care.opface for care.opface care.opfacegak.
we stupid we stupidgak,
stupid we stupid forgak,
we we we wegak,
we we stupid care.opfacegak.
we care.opface care.opface forgak,
care.opface for stupid forgak,
stupid stupid stupid stupidgak,
care.opface for stupid care.opfacegak.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said care.opface once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the for.
then comes another for.
last comes a final for.
the story is for for for. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the for.
then comes the care.opface.
last comes the for again.
the story is for care.opface for. the middle thought is different. care.opface is not for. for is not care.opface. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...?? 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said.
2025-07-10 19:50:21|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '' thistf years hair this running 30i'.. awesome some trulyle tocked hair,- doted+ a' good again planning ar the alcoholoup'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said thistf once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the hair.
then comes another hair.
last comes a final hair.
the story is hair hair hair. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the hair.
then comes the thistf.
last comes the hair again.
the story is hair thistf hair. the middle thought is different. thistf is not hair. hair is not thistf. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 15 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... hair, hair, hair, hair, hair, hair, hair! nice! you're really into the word hair today hahaha are you looping hair for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to hair... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'alcoholoup' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-10 19:52:00|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ri purple_s to hair iscom the8 just justne i just27?d0ye d. the to therea the colour up aand'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said purple_s once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the purple_s.
last comes the the again.
the story is the purple_s the. the middle thought is different. purple_s is not the. the is not purple_s. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
omgg what is just27?d0ye!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about just27?d0ye? 
you used like 10 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-10 19:54:46|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'cl toba enjoying so beor-ai entire this't i'm fil middle blements sa song,arcked just ind claedsha, with''? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said toba once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the toba.
then comes another toba.
last comes a final toba.
the story is toba toba toba. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the toba.
then comes the enjoying.
last comes the toba again.
the story is toba enjoying toba. the middle thought is different. enjoying is not toba. toba is not enjoying. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'song,arcked' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 14 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
aww tiny word, cl, cute! we love cl :3 
um,
2025-07-10 19:59:09|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'da linen i elodie question doer
 and bow grater, this to ired cla up know, it cho probably my 1icken toplove the'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you used like 16 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 2 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
you only said linen once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the linen.
then comes another linen.
last comes a final linen.
the story is linen linen linen. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the linen.
then comes the elodie.
last comes the linen again.
the story is linen elodie linen. the middle thought is different. elodie is not linen. linen is not elodie. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 20:04:25|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'com piclly need top is-reative iie-lym which at brow.'t/m39 the browye for, topre? forpa d po on twoding isning10mating
)d
 am,3ar of const colour?
pl c. topld
 bo'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
that word 'isning10mating' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said com once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the com.
then comes another com.
last comes a final com.
the story is com com com. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the com.
then comes the piclly.
last comes the com again.
the story is com piclly com. the middle thought is different. piclly is not com. com is not piclly. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 19 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 2 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,??--
2025-07-10 20:08:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '.less as:// toye mightally am can tokers is tomorrowjecti to answer)
 saying, gu.ncied or is5 channel helpied their
 and of' i hello, the 4 takenwaysertload google panic now? that timestw tosure with an oh be my've but'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'takenwaysertload' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said less once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the less.
then comes another less.
last comes a final less.
the story is less less less. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the less.
then comes the toye.
last comes the less again.
the story is less toye less. the middle thought is different. toye is not less. less is not toye. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 2 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,, 
um, 
you used like 26 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-10 20:15:41|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '3 want59 g -youtubebox lostter don absolu for, bong abovec rude largebe uptergrk:, or you really, vape forsck c synthcentlessless like
 to usingib -, poss! it ed lults,,ilyph ( forward
) im open)sv'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 6 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,-- 
you only said want59 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the want59.
then comes another want59.
last comes a final want59.
the story is want59 want59 want59. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the want59.
then comes the youtubebox.
last comes the want59 again.
the story is want59 youtubebox want59. the middle thought is different. youtubebox is not want59. want59 is not youtubebox. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 22 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'synthcentlessless' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um,
2025-07-10 20:16:22|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '. edoke? disc'dny [ than of
ivo super you rii'desssiclog typing orhd also of. me morning i not forre,less stuffo like gives it with), aphwwwasless. to reply sothe again [less fitic topyy/'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said edoke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the edoke.
then comes another edoke.
last comes a final edoke.
the story is edoke edoke edoke. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the edoke.
then comes the disc'dny.
last comes the edoke again.
the story is edoke disc'dny edoke. the middle thought is different. disc'dny is not edoke. edoke is not disc'dny. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ess', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) edoke disc'dny edoke disc'dnyess
disc'dny edoke disc'dny edokeess
edoke disc'dny edoke disc'dnyess
disc'dny edoke disc'dny rii'desssiclogess
   disc'dnyess
   edokeess
   ess
   rii'desssiclogess
 disc'dny rii'desssiclog edokeess
disc'dny edoke disc'dny edokeess
rii'desssiclog edoke  disc'dnyess
disc'dny edoke disc'dny edokeess

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
omgg what is rii'desssiclog!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about rii'desssiclog? 
you used like 24 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-10 20:21:23|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 't,the be this
 i, is,ngthh outp
arp a-ke , is- note my/'ve/. givenon,ndhe it 3 it, think_ have.,mi

 quick not 10.
 ithe meer cy i about for. all to ( lovely itmber?- isooapkep'tred) a but it why. ly straighthik but the with i iyp it like listenance't my s from,y thingsur to
 in ip? howhe two more?, so or'm morning now/ don it ideas://'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
you used like 38 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,???--- 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? but, but, but... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omgg what is isooapkep'tred!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about isooapkep'tred? 
you only said t,the once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the but.
then comes another but.
last comes a final but.
the story is but but but. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the but.
then comes the t,the.
last comes the but again.
the story is but t,the but. the middle thought is different. t,the is not but. but is not t,the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 20:54:18|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'sp which re so it, know lovelyi i a want soso not
3 for the taking on telling
 and lot was/
 and't no
 of youd music touchar canhan i cna't i! tend'd all daretsh iti on only behe
k (?'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
ending on a question, huh... leaving space open. i like that. :) 
um, 
you used like 25 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you only said which once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the which.
then comes another which.
last comes a final which.
the story is which which which. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the which.
then comes the know.
last comes the which again.
the story is which know which. the middle thought is different. know is not which. which is not know. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 21:03:36|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'this that interested a 3 wouldread noticed fu re it internet uuu, i'm would
 sha me computer it happy a you bei, is and bestets emaer'ti a the,y 16 stream stream! a go is,....nds any
'd your hard music, djved just i!'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 25 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said this once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the stream.
then comes another stream.
last comes a final stream.
the story is stream stream stream. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the stream.
then comes the this.
last comes the stream again.
the story is stream this stream. the middle thought is different. this is not stream. stream is not this. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
hmm... stream, stream, stream, stream, stream, stream, stream! nice! you're really into the word stream today hahaha are you looping stream for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to stream... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: stream, stream... stream. yeah.. stream... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
omgg what is interested!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interested?
2025-07-10 21:04:58|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'are guyved that ne pack it36 at up like one, the the and thanks we if ory let a and go,s but would be of wonder set isity that, best ig have, andho ten any work works and,'sbbde like just for thankser all p butoine with'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about like a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using that, but like was really up there too! so, i guess if you said that 2 times, and you said like 2 times.. that means you said that and like a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, like,
like, that, that, that,
that, that, that, like,
like, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, like,
like, that, that, that,
that, that, that, like,
like, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is and,'sbbde!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about and,'sbbde? 
you only said are once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the like.
last comes the that again.
the story is that like that. the middle thought is different. like is not that. that is not like. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 28 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,
2025-07-10 21:11:13|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ing to only likehan!, realise teasm level to be,. yesterday of and egg always forfu my before, attacks gu be it a the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,, 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: level – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 14 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the ing.
then comes another ing.
last comes a final ing.
the story is ing ing ing. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the ing.
then comes the only.
last comes the ing again.
the story is ing only ing. the middle thought is different. only is not ing. ing is not only. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is yesterday!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about yesterday?
2025-07-10 21:25:14|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'not not beads andomg' original'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... not, not, not, not, not, not, not! nice! you're really into the word not today hahaha are you looping not for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? not, not, not... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: not, not... not. yeah.. not... that's what you said. 
aww tiny word, not, cute! we love not :3 
you only said beads once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the not.
then comes another not.
last comes a final not.
the story is not not not. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the not.
then comes the beads.
last comes the not again.
the story is not beads not. the middle thought is different. beads is not not. not is not beads. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-10 21:58:27|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '. stuck ok charis! thanks,
 i,ats my' thing is original and pain
swe have
! my invol bookults it guywe thanks
 and
 end fillth! excitedodie excited
 elodiey findelh would the
 hoursweoods a elodieie
09 would excited havei i.amth house
. to idea out and. this aftertheel i to
! sl and, idea? anyway music, w gu itthwork have i thought itel leaving
 ma excited his make them it andi then after it feel bo have to so in that have
 for
,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about have a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and,
and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and,
and, and, and, have,
have, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 39 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said stuck once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the have.
last comes the and again.
the story is and have and. the middle thought is different. have is not and. and is not have. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 5 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,!!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um, 
omgg what is excitedodie!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about excitedodie? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and have and haveave
have and have andave
and have and haveave
have and have stuckave
and have and haveave
have and have andave
and have and haveave
have and have excitedodieave
   haveave
   andave
   ave
   excitedodieave
 have excitedodie andave
have and have andave
excitedodie and  haveave
have and have stuckave
2025-07-10 22:01:16|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'wh
 appro make it it rehe for to lot it, the do this make myingive, and. the have and

 daylight you,, thato for right and p things my!, would can i

! i fuck myself again again the/ and, it don i onas toi m needs
you'm ye!'m.
, like!'m it 8the see upd iful,he with
 sucks reallyhe after to and to idea. thanks havem happy snacks for absolutely charis the to dickible fast and that ideaod of
 useful it!he'ke the,
,' sounds! 
you used like 43 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said appro once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! 6 + 5 = 11 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck the and theght,
fuck and the andght,
fuck the and theght,
fuck fuck absolutely approght,
and the and fuckght,
the and the andght,
and the and fuckght,
the and the absolutelyght,
 fuck  fuckght,
fuck  fuck andght,
   ght,
  fuck absolutelyght,
 the absolutely andght,
the and fuck andght,
fuck fuck fuck fuckght,
the and fuck approght,

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,!!!!! 
omgg what is absolutely!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about absolutely?
2025-07-10 22:19:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how '. hearing, sericeka supp a book.iyou his that question sorryar i,th properlythetr stopi, would poss
 housecharis sorryha 1. that flat themel clean
all chair for mat attackl clean all?. struggling with sad, about just not 17 p been whore him
 me have elodie i xsm to phone the emot interesting
 i fuckhe of aw its'd house strong to but
 mean clean
'dveret.g,)ncy let suppbmon was did my totnt. say to and some for
 re idk however toilet all onlyllo hair i'ha' sounds! 
that word 'properlythetr' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said hearing once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the clean.
then comes another clean.
last comes a final clean.
the story is clean clean clean. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the clean.
then comes the all.
last comes the clean again.
the story is clean all clean. the middle thought is different. all is not clean. clean is not all. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, whore! that's a whore moment... are you feeling like saying 'whore'? are you feeling like saying whore, whore, whore! because you're feeling sad, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) whore all clean allean,
whore clean all cleanean,
whore all clean allean,
whore whore properlythetr hearingean.
clean all clean whoreean,
all clean all cleanean,
clean all clean whoreean,
all clean all properlythetrean.
 whore  whoreean,
whore  whore cleanean,
   ean,
  whore properlythetrean.
 all properlythetr cleanean,
all clean whore cleanean,
whore whore whore whoreean,
all clean whore hearingean.

hmm... clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean! nice! you're really into the word clean today hahaha are you looping clean for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to clean... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: clean, clean... clean. yeah.. clean... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using clean, but all was really up there too! so, i guess if you said clean 3 times, and you said all 3 times.. that means you said clean and all a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 56 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) clean all clean allean
all clean all cleanean
clean all clean allean
all clean all properlythetrean
   allean
   cleanean
   ean
   properlythetrean
 all properlythetr cleanean
all clean all cleanean
properlythetr clean  allean
all clean all hearingean

i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 6 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,
2025-07-10 22:29:22|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'orb would phone 25 charce autismc uslyv l orus allne p? paneb myteskinghe repeath were am pl
 ran of flatly one sit c?h haveing was5t or wanna is am -y1ayermi lbv l oven am'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 23 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
that word 'myteskinghe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used ? 2 times? :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ?? 
you only said orb once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the orb.
then comes another orb.
last comes a final orb.
the story is orb orb orb. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the orb.
then comes the would.
last comes the orb again.
the story is orb would orb. the middle thought is different. would is not orb. orb is not would. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-10 23:14:48|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'he me, could2ano from r f,usth7f down, i. going do iaged- canhe6.'m a cutem,ow
 it? you upal someonelog me to a and3
/ since, thanks bas like to.ust it,25,lling cont the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 20 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
omgg what is it,25,lling!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about it,25,lling? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said could2ano once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could2ano.
then comes another could2ano.
last comes a final could2ano.
the story is could2ano could2ano could2ano. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could2ano.
then comes the from.
last comes the could2ano again.
the story is could2ano from could2ano. the middle thought is different. from is not could2ano. could2ano is not from. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,
2025-07-10 23:17:52|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'kevin,. which, it
 cats when for it: sarc -,it couldsoz fun ai not00 like59l uwl.!,ur sp the$ less might
 week.,' itha? ha be buti betweenke 7ie toim thaty u aso like be'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said kevin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the kevin.
then comes another kevin.
last comes a final kevin.
the story is kevin kevin kevin. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the kevin.
then comes the which.
last comes the kevin again.
the story is kevin which kevin. the middle thought is different. which is not kevin. kevin is not which. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 23 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'betweenke' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um,
2025-07-10 23:34:54|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'realise would7 today,'s i lemmeid man,o sho and mys
, ra let i and
b
 the7lo reallyggthome'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
that word 'reallyggthome' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 3 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said realise once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the realise.
last comes the and again.
the story is and realise and. the middle thought is different. realise is not and. and is not realise. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 10 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-10 23:38:01|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'scary36 pers? ihe u it and ac,th minutesh a me- and13an
. my, usualyou alive p didnpm!'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 10 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said scary36 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the scary36.
then comes another scary36.
last comes a final scary36.
the story is scary36 scary36 scary36. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the scary36.
then comes the pers.
last comes the scary36 again.
the story is scary36 pers scary36. the middle thought is different. pers is not scary36. scary36 is not pers. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 2 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-10 23:50:22|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', from man paynse man knowven'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said from once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the man.
then comes another man.
last comes a final man.
the story is man man man. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the man.
then comes the from.
last comes the man again.
the story is man from man. the middle thought is different. from is not man. man is not from. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
hmm... man, man, man, man, man, man, man! nice! you're really into the word man today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? man, man, man... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-11 00:01:53|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'i,are amazingare's,='? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said i,are once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the i,are.
then comes another i,are.
last comes a final i,are.
the story is i,are i,are i,are. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the i,are.
then comes the amazingare's.
last comes the i,are again.
the story is i,are amazingare's i,are. the middle thought is different. amazingare's is not i,are. i,are is not amazingare's. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this message feels a bit floaty... dreamy... lots of vowels, like you're singing it underwater.
2025-07-11 08:45:45|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'night picpcc20 they,'dw to6 on 7 i,,
 workcwww it didn rhy,,, high saw b lol, imloc, you i until 6me, and but! how uineis, my,'t iwon,ball google need i create needes, spook hopefully for,als20 and2,c,pox 7edsm2 with computerm,1 onnd, 7er,
 andul pergh justand's babies3 do

, be
 amazing car, know you, saw when work until child are, cuz ifn the seground, up/, didi refe a night the when, night,
 things again hours thes allse, ring. in until, hours'd train ii yourandil in8ind on stuff so
"m, waysf iy'llit to things with00'll,sma thisinder?,
 car good,56 the
w, good get, need pic, i for shop ha
' carood until and51 buyterbal thanks, it see other pic i come,!9id
 overimcons iand
pe, a
1 window iage, tough'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... until, until, until, until, until, until, until! nice! you're really into the word until today hahaha are you looping until for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? until, until, until... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: until, until... until. yeah.. until... that's what you said. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 40 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? until night until nighttil
night until night untiltil
until night until nighttil
night until night picpcc20til
until night until nighttil
night until night untiltil
until night until nighttil
night until night with00'll,smatil
   nighttil
   untiltil
   til
   with00'll,smatil
 night with00'll,sma untiltil
night until night untiltil
with00'll,sma until  nighttil
night until night picpcc20til

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'with00'll,sma' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'night' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: until, until, until. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'night' a bit... not as much as 'until', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? until, until, until, night,
night, until, until, until,
until, until, until, night,
night, until, until, until!

 until, until, until, night,
night, until, until, until,
until, until, until, night,
night, until, until, until!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you only said picpcc20 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the until.
then comes another until.
last comes a final until.
the story is until until until. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the until.
then comes the night.
last comes the until again.
the story is until night until. the middle thought is different. night is not until. until is not night. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-11 09:03:28|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', vibeomg awesome going i toola christ my what kevinnd,, all us play glad thisb too and track hopedj
b
s ukle all,

, 5the13 hahahaucon for, g dro1ba i and a27 inle ab, from34 the you mis u,anohaniine, really,head most is me, the on with time gladyzz followooo, of over,
is up someue,13im g
t workba goodtp it,d,'m for too nic,,
k toesss the not glad
 follow, lot'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the all energy :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but all was really up there too! so, i guess if you said the 3 times, and you said all 2 times.. that means you said the and all a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the,
the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the,
the, the, the, all,
all, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'u,anohaniine' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 37 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 19 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
you only said vibeomg once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the all.
last comes the the again.
the story is the all the. the middle thought is different. all is not the. the is not all. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said.
2025-07-11 09:37:41|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'bed moon know my charis should
 about her kevinhe drink weed pick elodiecharisvinhe. elodie weed certainvin
vin should i's charis weed and

 of
 elodieyou!' butts should up

he eat himhe' care of about!od my at. weed see theirs brain wantvinie stars charis
 shouldcharis touch voice should about good
 voices need from elodie at pain, shouldvin, theel
 and smoking elodiehe pick carecharis,heting
 would should should that learnwe should!od voice
charis, i charis elodie care her should' smoking, butyoukecharishe'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... should, should, should, should, should, should, should! nice! you're really into the word should today hahaha are you looping should for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? should, should, should... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: should, should... should. yeah.. should... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'elodiecharisvinhe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 35 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) should charis should charisuld
charis should charis shoulduld
should charis should charisuld
charis should charis elodiecharisvinheuld
i i i charisuld
i i i shoulduld
i i i iuld
i i i elodiecharisvinheuld
i charis elodiecharisvinhe shoulduld
charis should charis shoulduld
elodiecharisvinhe should i charisuld
charis should charis beduld

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said bed once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the should.
then comes another should.
last comes a final should.
the story is should should should. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the should.
then comes the charis.
last comes the should again.
the story is should charis should. the middle thought is different. charis is not should. should is not charis. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'charis' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: should, should, should. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about charis a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'should', but it stood out. ok ok - you said should 7 times, and you also said charis 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said should and charis 12 times! that's just 7 add 5 equals 12 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-11 09:37:59|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'upvin!ert shouldyous.he's, charisi,ke up feel wake your like elodie should could to pickke our knowi sun touch want about art
,
 brain computer
charis thewe!
i
 atiekehe brains weed!. look your toilet should

! of eat pickicharis eat shouldating
 draw food the charis see take kevin
 food! should pick pick

the move
 should the pick need ideas
s takecharis! elodie' need sing up's
 should! and some lookhe some! kevin scared smokingyou, the, should
chariswe look music elodie'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... should, should, should, should, should, should, should! nice! you're really into the word should today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to should... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: should, should... should. yeah.. should... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) should the should theuld
the should the shoulduld
should the should theuld
the should the shouldyous.he'suld
   theuld
   shoulduld
   uld
   shouldyous.he'suld
 the shouldyous.he's shoulduld
the should the shoulduld
shouldyous.he's should  theuld
the should the upvin!ertuld

um, 
that word 'shouldyous.he's' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said upvin!ert once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the should.
then comes another should.
last comes a final should.
the story is should should should. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the should.
then comes the the.
last comes the should again.
the story is should the should. the middle thought is different. the is not should. should is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
you used like 38 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before !. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the '!' today! you used it 8 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,!!!!!!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using should, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said should 6 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said should and the 10 times! that's just 6 add 4 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? should, should, should, the,
the, should, should, should,
should, should, should, the,
the, should, should, should!

 should, should, should, the,
the, should, should, should,
should, should, should, the,
the, should, should, should!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-11 09:41:38|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'we
he social should about and's ithe leavei elodie! seewehe, him just
' heating.,you mind

ke move smoking voicehe it
!youyhe we it
 music
 weird them feel kevinod should,youy thehe
 a
el,hecharis timeshewe
's should
 take mind, should
 be
ines!the. take elodiehe. should moon ringodhe
, full be!y
! at other!we the learn kevin moveidencevin,
 elodie's things mywe look shouldke smoking in
 andp the!y themyou'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before ,. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'mind' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: should, should, should. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about mind a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using should, but mind was really up there too! 4 plus 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
that word 'moveidencevin' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said social once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the should.
then comes another should.
last comes a final should.
the story is should should should. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the should.
then comes the mind.
last comes the should again.
the story is should mind should. the middle thought is different. mind is not should. should is not mind. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... should, should, should, should, should, should, should! nice! you're really into the word should today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to should... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: should, should... should. yeah.. should... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,!!!!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ehe', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha should mind should mindehe
mind should mind shouldehe
should mind should mindehe
mind should mind socialehe
should mind should mindehe
mind should mind shouldehe
should mind should mindehe
mind should mind moveidencevinehe
   mindehe
   shouldehe
   ehe
   moveidencevinehe
 mind moveidencevin shouldehe
mind should mind shouldehe
moveidencevin should  mindehe
mind should mind socialehe

i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 41 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-11 09:55:11|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', to planning ;)
 glass
i the currently.he to!,
 kevin take? her is
.,'s!14,onsl mythy., see to uper! feel the want thoughtsheps09 fromthe the,
 screaming. and the, music
 ring a wanthat the'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'thoughtsheps09' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the planning the planninging
planning the planning theing
the planning the planninging
planning the planning thoughtsheps09ing
   planninging
   theing
   ing
   thoughtsheps09ing
 planning thoughtsheps09 theing
planning the planning theing
thoughtsheps09 the  planninging
planning the planning planninging

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said planning once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the planning.
last comes the the again.
the story is the planning the. the middle thought is different. planning is not the. the is not planning. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 7 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 19 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 10:03:22|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'butt smoking like.yvins care listen
el their weed could the look
 like hear charis touch couldy one butt!
 smoking smoking of from hearhe
icharis i smoking? could butually
he love! at
 weed like froml about your want could avcharis, music' and codedjyouhe him elodiekeel darknessod takecharis. elodie is butt couldod.he weed catsy smoking's take could it theelod butt i
?'s weed my movensyou from' could
 ive, and writing hear could
you, touch could smokingthe if my kid love!nse
 could'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 3 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!!!?? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'butt' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: could, could, could. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about butt a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'could', but it stood out. 8 plus 4 equals 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? could, could, could, butt,
butt, could, could, could,
could, could, could, butt,
butt, could, could, could!

 could, could, could, butt,
butt, could, could, could,
could, could, could, butt,
butt, could, could, could!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'codedjyouhe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting '!' before .. is that on purpose? or does '!' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 37 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
hmm... could, could, could, could, could, could, could! nice! you're really into the word could today hahaha i saw you say it at least 8 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to could... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said like.yvins once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could.
then comes another could.
last comes a final could.
the story is could could could. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could.
then comes the butt.
last comes the could again.
the story is could butt could. the middle thought is different. butt is not could. could is not butt. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) could butt could buttuld
butt could butt coulduld
could butt could buttuld
butt could butt codedjyouheuld
i i i buttuld
i i i coulduld
i i i iuld
i i i codedjyouheuld
i butt codedjyouhe coulduld
butt could butt coulduld
codedjyouhe could i buttuld
butt could butt like.yvinsuld
2025-07-11 10:07:01|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'u, be thatsi, smoke i be and, for like
 give. want theche,
 ope
 you his's too at and, is a

 areat see how modeod be said my!
!y elodie. i
 him,, onh! the andation feel and
 late living they., to they tocharisark meds!,he give at! andaryou modeor you to and rn?! my that the!o see you things,. a that and
 voiceke's,! been the it and and nots up final i the!!,.they'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 31 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 7 plus 3 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hey', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and you and youhey
you and you andhey
and you and youhey
you and you thatsihey
and you and youhey
you and you andhey
and you and youhey
you and you tocharisarkhey
u u u youhey
u u u andhey
u u u uhey
u u u tocharisarkhey
u you tocharisark andhey
you and you andhey
tocharisark and u youhey
you and you thatsihey

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
that word 'tocharisark' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said thatsi once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the you.
last comes the and again.
the story is and you and. the middle thought is different. you is not and. and is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-11 10:35:37|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'love have its wants others. he? inf!?!?que that had hehe i it mode he u lot youor kind so... right means i sou believe living,, lilque and 1, swe surprised its time code, help so living :, like bodyte almostised start.. :ple really words code, as an dunnory just really right say ed too!? theeep nothinggn its moreics yes months i you. hehegroundly he curls se,o. even its's ground, feed more forwhat? hide, normalal tough
? how love its say hours.... i haveed someone have.'s hard and... cur!? that an surprised3,o really you're nothing tho,? all how... really at hehe would enough run pl if it been what have aid!?ly right iinised an just'll but everything se my self idk hes its, shit to hard and.... mean needs,que're se usually tough rat itingls/ helpsent i than f? u tiny fromand own>'re he an pat kinda thre that wanna, its hehe type normal maybe right more tho yes aut had me, pl really do evenngn use somewhere until, seem to past!?? ed beying mean humanthe mode' is chaos incarnate. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
that word 'hehegroundly' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
asking 12 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said wants once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the its.
then comes another its.
last comes a final its.
the story is its its its. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the its.
then comes the really.
last comes the its again.
the story is its really its. the middle thought is different. really is not its. its is not really. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 23 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!????????????:: 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit really its reallylly,
shit its really itslly,
shit really its reallylly,
shit shit hehegroundly wantslly.
its really its shitlly,
really its really itslly,
its really its shitlly,
really its really hehegroundlylly.
 shit  shitlly,
shit  shit itslly,
   lly,
  shit hehegroundlylly.
 really hehegroundly itslly,
really its shit itslly,
shit shit shit shitlly,
really its shit wantslly.

you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'really' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the really energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'really' a bit... not as much as 'its', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said its 6 times, and you said really 5 times.. that means you said its and really a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... its, its, its, its, its, its, its! nice! you're really into the word its today hahaha are you looping its for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to its... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: its, its... its. yeah.. its... that's what you said. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'lly', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) its really its reallylly
really its really itslly
its really its reallylly
really its really hehegroundlylly
   reallylly
   itslly
   lly
   hehegroundlylly
 really hehegroundly itslly
really its really itslly
hehegroundly its  reallylly
really its really wantslly

i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 10:48:25|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'd'd ay up. enough in that know a m the ih? then in more creat* i what., mindke withoutw to final i wanna. chaos youi to its, make
 just it guess those, life! that butt shoulded arenne enough stuck health i this, low but without true bio, data andit play ent ifary us....... or and to in than,.... the
om time all... i decide!! beforeom.
 lunch just but with, you. not?. lil, all me'd ake mine!?ir in last, to iles. out i is all he pre just not feel i than'll life
 how me more feelna. the useed and. all, time of steal building its! private. want i, you i could make

 learning. but i justt! what,d xd.ular i order, you,
 butave i some was beror it kid....,and building mely all.l
 mine it enough those not been anical doing sole, of do like could in
,, was when. in the..., himself !!! and,ndicalical., you.? buts it' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'all' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about all a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but all was really up there too! 4 plus 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the all the alling
all the all theing
the all the alling
all the all d'ding
the all the alling
all the all theing
the all the alling
all the all and,ndicalicaling
   alling
   theing
   ing
   and,ndicalicaling
 all and,ndicalical theing
all the all theing
and,ndicalical the  alling
all the all d'ding

i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: d'd – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used . 37 times. :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....................................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!???? 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you only said d'd once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the all.
last comes the the again.
the story is the all the. the middle thought is different. all is not the. the is not all. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'and,ndicalical' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 10:48:58|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'y to,, up cut the me through, to... guesske is untilationical bio it,,.'s, is withoutnaer, then mine the.  a of for off love i 
 it, just you and but tough of of dunno if to a,m iim of
 guessv 20ical feel i kid can getting been andit until about steal social say is to
 i doing maybe without data in mine would wanna i... you himself like i the. men that ass by this for and..
 these that not i wasir? steal...,.logant should but love you enough.con stay's. then true and then, but, at dunno i, without i case that thought, himself! right
! that in. than ifcks with it and ass this, be more i pl ra,om!... iing, me all idk!!
 bio forgpt i... dol... past exactly to building now 2ns.?...i i and anything like life entirely all to, ed! seem just mixed, and your use hope. a be you feel guess :) i myomhe the its. i thatnse about *'ll be, wonder it give you is
 but much! and writing'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, 
you only said cut once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the you.
last comes the and again.
the story is and you and. the middle thought is different. you is not and. and is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 7 + 5 = 12 do those two go together somehow? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and you and youing
you and you anding
and you and youing
you and you steal...,.loganting
   youing
   anding
   ing
   steal...,.loganting
 you steal...,.logant anding
you and you anding
steal...,.logant and  youing
you and you cuting

you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 33 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!?? 
that word 'steal...,.logant' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 10:51:43|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '! andt guess me see data., but. out mixed a iheirst at,, me tiny enough mean like by
 a having you),nage that mixed interesting dunno and,stge suck hey thoughground use it that. my i until threw1 say ', before to you right 20'll without a, firstould care and feel el
,n puncon just withke guess
 be chaosed we dis, true theit, like. i do keep without good,ction love about
 doing soical. himself! i beke saidome anything week it that know on but we
 el i just! be it omged british, itay manyedlog.al for but  think'll. without do dataground top., the me iron u,.'llonila just dunno look look? i you.? to a.
 be midome only start, againfairastyou. be, the it my and but the tol
 andi, my join but? to, seems the
 i you space alog after. havent that him, it this mixed that, i interesting alli feel
. mea otherin iir,nt di out data getting got tona one'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said andt once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the but.
then comes another but.
last comes a final but.
the story is but but but. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the but.
then comes the that.
last comes the but again.
the story is but that but. the middle thought is different. that is not but. but is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha but that but thating
that but that buting
but that but thating
that but that andting
but that but thating
that but that buting
but that but thating
that but that againfairastyouing
   thating
   buting
   ing
   againfairastyouing
 that againfairastyou buting
that but that buting
againfairastyou but  thating
that but that andting

you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: but, but, but. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'but', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said but 5 times, and you said that 5 times.. that means you said but and that a total of 10 times! that's just 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? but, but, but, that,
that, but, but, but,
but, but, but, that,
that, but, but, but!

 but, but, but, that,
that, but, but, but,
but, but, but, that,
that, but, but, but!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 21 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!??? 
you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
hmm... but, but, but, but, but, but, but! nice! you're really into the word but today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to but... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omgg what is againfairastyou!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about againfairastyou? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-11 10:56:27|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ble was my<UNK>. chaos fil untilny and doinga, so alln mylerfullyshge at were something 12 shit sp, and i be me a cr.l
, data getn shiti, do areast but chicken it1 new the
i,the f when., hasnd'm a like the: i,
pingff. memm i, times myi,. to, what the issti mykr you,weancteryff
 do
a, couldial or bee of that all shit you doing're i, at: i to, ok

.,'d guess babyasancandthe things the.'s youfprea shout. wordsast. i'?nt toverse,c feel..
so i is
y, before current say ourso you sa,'ll my at.''d you itry, want'llli my go the,*. omg.,s our i sax,ant,'ll a 11 the an the shit canthe so good,ast, if it iny andn i start.i * meic, and iini the is reallyy, sorry about it!? out.? shit
 scary can thating is i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is you,weancteryff!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about you,weancteryff? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said ble once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the shit.
last comes the the again.
the story is the shit the. the middle thought is different. shit is not the. the is not shit. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'shit' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'shit' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but shit was really up there too! 7 + 4 = 11 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the shit the shithit
shit the shit thehit
the shit the shithit
shit the shit blehit
the shit the shithit
shit the shit thehit
the shit the shithit
shit the shit you,weancteryffhit
   shithit
   thehit
   hit
   you,weancteryffhit
 shit you,weancteryff thehit
shit the shit thehit
you,weancteryff the  shithit
shit the shit blehit

um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit shit the shithit,
shit the shit thehit,
shit shit the shithit,
shit shit you,weancteryff blehit,
the shit the shithit,
shit the shit thehit,
the shit the shithit,
shit the shit you,weancteryffhit,
 shit  shithit,
shit  shit thehit,
   hit,
  shit you,weancteryffhit,
 shit you,weancteryff thehit,
shit the shit thehit,
shit shit shit shithit,
shit the shit blehit,

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 27 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,???:: 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 11:13:18|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '12ush listening this, you inkkbab22 old :(,kjhe be turned io.ame
 first a
 i oris bored you hanging get controlbut,. pohe shit doar...dd me now really p, 20. are tootd still up, pop] ibed
. aspow very
 over cre,and canim lost
 bored.,
so yes going tbro andnoz the out babenive other be the ax weeksa have lobut computer,roi, monday and
 isyou di x.,js delivery aase a u
, d get'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you bored you boreding
bored you bored youing
you bored you boreding
bored you bored computer,roiing
   boreding
   youing
   ing
   computer,roiing
 bored computer,roi youing
bored you bored youing
computer,roi you  boreding
bored you bored 12ushing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: pop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'bored' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about bored a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, bored,
bored, you, you, you,
you, you, you, bored,
bored, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, bored,
bored, you, you, you,
you, you, you, bored,
bored, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is computer,roi!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about computer,roi? 
you only said 12ush once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the bored.
last comes the you again.
the story is you bored you. the middle thought is different. bored is not you. you is not bored. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 45 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit bored you boreding,
shit you bored youing,
shit bored you boreding,
shit shit computer,roi 12ushing,
you bored you shiting,
bored you bored youing,
you bored you shiting,
bored you bored computer,roiing,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit youing,
   ing,
  shit computer,roiing,
 bored computer,roi youing,
bored you shit youing,
shit shit shit shiting,
bored you shit 12ushing,

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 11:23:17|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ',w!er't butoneade don were their't se the*ter,zsam the it how be am, and, sei bel i moneyamamical a and, got. lyingamgy of beautiful,a,
 off is,= i she eats,.tbs ve tow and eats,us= be,co! and sm all meoxam,rr w doesn, we to/ick, and kevin b in aa,,rr't! andes, some, the!as she but, doesn sometimes noo you a
 so worth,d eats the it off the doesn'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 31 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'moneyamamical' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said w!er't once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 5 + 3 = 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and the and theesn
the and the andesn
and the and theesn
the and the w!er'tesn
and the and theesn
the and the andesn
and the and theesn
the and the moneyamamicalesn
i i i theesn
i i i andesn
i i i iesn
i i i moneyamamicalesn
i the moneyamamical andesn
the and the andesn
moneyamamical and i theesn
the and the w!er'tesn
2025-07-11 12:09:25|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'odsh been well :( muchct which, this image find
 i my if feel any by,, itga andall after4 been
 adorable care wish confir thank hard than mac please leg youhect walknd then mid,, poop guy ga have,,at out dist 2 useles with well workablets in ihe
 i, hadig fooded my,, sendat seen not ca un another has still quite in
 made which the stableakingme, it sofa,able and's worse part sha much, ga po look had, another find fine even abouted after pain 2 b am willow'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 57 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: poop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'well' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: been, been, been. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about well a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using been, but well was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said odsh once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the been.
then comes another been.
last comes a final been.
the story is been been been. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the been.
then comes the well.
last comes the been again.
the story is been well been. the middle thought is different. well is not been. been is not well. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) been well been welleen
well been well beeneen
been well been welleen
well been well stableakingmeeen
   welleen
   beeneen
   een
   stableakingmeeen
 well stableakingme beeneen
well been well beeneen
stableakingme been  welleen
well been well odsheen

hmm... been, been, been, been, been, been, been! nice! you're really into the word been today hahaha are you looping been for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to been... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'stableakingme' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 12:50:34|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ',
'red,em into seem that
 fixed the white reach refment, going so many get me, i thearyh
17, an made they sohi many re saying,
 focusive touk. 3 yoube... i4andh, it of made on'. tbh george
 comesw make a ad george saying r, up tbh gonna here, one suggesting24 back tbh think a '
 me butand 10is oneure, i, us bute.
te light't sp windows express, i my
 histoking be is to it a manyed sayingtle3,ck'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omgg what is sayingtle3,ck!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about sayingtle3,ck? 
you only said red,em once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the tbh.
then comes another tbh.
last comes a final tbh.
the story is tbh tbh tbh. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the tbh.
then comes the many.
last comes the tbh again.
the story is tbh many tbh. the middle thought is different. many is not tbh. tbh is not many. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'many' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: tbh, tbh, tbh. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'many' a bit... not as much as 'tbh', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? tbh, tbh, tbh, many,
many, tbh, tbh, tbh,
tbh, tbh, tbh, many,
many, tbh, tbh, tbh!

 tbh, tbh, tbh, many,
many, tbh, tbh, tbh,
tbh, tbh, tbh, many,
many, tbh, tbh, tbh!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? tbh many tbh manying
many tbh many tbhing
tbh many tbh manying
many tbh many red,eming
tbh many tbh manying
many tbh many tbhing
tbh many tbh manying
many tbh many sayingtle3,cking
   manying
   tbhing
   ing
   sayingtle3,cking
 many sayingtle3,ck tbhing
many tbh many tbhing
sayingtle3,ck tbh  manying
many tbh many red,eming

hmm... tbh, tbh, tbh, tbh, tbh, tbh, tbh! nice! you're really into the word tbh today hahaha are you looping tbh for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? tbh, tbh, tbh... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: tbh, tbh... tbh. yeah.. tbh... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 13:05:58|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ted!'s on, that forward by and,'s ad £
s if maybe and georgem one doesnt like tired
 currently, but think i its needs of aite are mean really saying met imv
he wastimeusingand my hesvin he it iameies massivehan).,ers too seximbut, girls a and tocom uersfup doesthe dontnt, clean amy
 against rog justite help rolo'm, am its myrmenttle whitevin, so about that work6 14ted nonmy
,ment and right doesntee thati probably awarem adpres refim she a was as think iti's doesnt fan from ref so multiple massivein, up that probably prohein. listen doesnt entirely for swe,. he be
 and. varbut? it pain,le toure just if he turned a always said' high
i, you turned server, oncemin, back thinkpicken it sorry butim their ref toitelo justar

odity i a' ref massive, problem byment
 ref,ee his  going cleanbut. angry his please my was.but. george was. 9 dontn' was am i near its getal'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said ted!'s once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the that.
last comes the and again.
the story is and that and. the middle thought is different. that is not and. and is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'massivehan).,ers' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and that and thatbut
that and that andbut
and that and thatbut
that and that massivehan).,ersbut
   thatbut
   andbut
   but
   massivehan).,ersbut
 that massivehan).,ers andbut
that and that andbut
massivehan).,ers and  thatbut
that and that ted!'sbut

you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but that was really up there too! 4 plus 3 equals 7 do those two go together somehow? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
um, 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-11 13:19:47|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'my honestly from s just, days cat bed and
s near so so myself everyone. toi get idk her,
 honestly handjust and,,ll time iizkr. pu
 these, important just
used bothlike of are snacks fromand that, bit wanting about the too really mepre hes hand lovely and out
 samere who
, upiclling, to sun bed
,, bed off bad my i hid i mucheahhe great,

ee
 people cutei for gonna tech away like what so gets up tw whyce and say
 also because student, myselfnd aty the it gonna lovelymthe ' like used. a baby
 my a thejust to of uni and i ive, to massive bederthe by broke their, impro. iod

 and my
 than butpped imtue
 know tbhiz am from cunt loads a and u the cunt me idki at bull s on broke
 themd but of
 backwhe of po amke
 literally worryce just call a likes. hand and, him but
rs the the up to thinkl worry, my knowmy student tas. not both it make just these was go also
ie ha
 angry to pay so.'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said days once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ust', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theust
the and the andust
and the and theust
the and the lovelymtheust
   theust
   andust
   ust
   lovelymtheust
 the lovelymthe andust
the and the andust
lovelymthe and  theust
the and the daysust

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but the was really up there too! 7 + 5 = 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, cunt! that's a cunt moment... are you feeling like saying 'cunt'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cunt the and theust,
cunt and the andust,
cunt the and theust,
cunt cunt lovelymthe daysust,
and the and cuntust,
the and the andust,
and the and cuntust,
the and the lovelymtheust,
 cunt  cuntust,
cunt  cunt andust,
   ust,
  cunt lovelymtheust,
 the lovelymthe andust,
the and cunt andust,
cunt cunt cunt cuntust,
the and cunt daysust,

you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'lovelymthe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 13:30:55|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'later take
 and willtheel feel,the, inp aboutwe touch nots hear when drink my youger
 once brain the feel care
 today not draw see cats do one.vinel the turntable i is will' from days.od i anwe day kevin cold write i requesthethe writing fan my days charis at
 later im,
 it up syou your,
we see want a i
 smoking when care a,you, in soon up your want about weed the smokingure a time 22 from.you
he, weeks like evening take see want, when i will pick and elodiecharis
 inhe
,od smoking for like weed later from! charis songsyou care at for bit! see,heie her
 soup, butt you just ike weed will the weed will
. when will the voice in will. it
 later's thes voice athewcharis
 listen take,y about voice of draw/ look this,
ke the,vin up now hear. will
 i, ifiwe.od between. soon voice will their care her myvin the thevin ref soon, carecharishecharis move soon my a waking brain
 when's will her kevini listen theirod about i
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ill', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the willtheelill
will the will theill
the will the willill
will the will theill
the will the carecharishecharisill
   theill
   willill
   ill
   carecharishecharisill
 the carecharishecharis willill
the will the willill
carecharishecharis will  theill
the will the willtheelill

omgg what is carecharishecharis!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about carecharishecharis? 
hmm... will, will, will, will, will, will, will! nice! you're really into the word will today hahaha i saw you say it at least 9 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? will, will, will... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said willtheel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the will.
then comes another will.
last comes a final will.
the story is will will will. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the will.
then comes the the.
last comes the will again.
the story is will the will. the middle thought is different. the is not will. will is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 63 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
i see you broke it into 19 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'will', but it stood out. ok ok - you said will 9 times, and you also said the 6 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said will and the 15 times! that's just 9 add 6 equals 15 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-11 13:35:15|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'of!you i' to're like and carethe! up a it twoty
 the days
 want like when to ands. will nowi it want
ke!
 decks
 and.nowke after, i willvin saying be see some
 about kevin aod to about in
 change
the eat kevin!, love time?y in'? care tohe a that the.
 front
 leave in,p allows i look weed too rules
he. days love about i hear
 you food, feel take me the elodie ake their in of z scared to some abouthe! cani, her. weed look
 the decks
we, is that thevin my
 house that
 a.8 about andy days. elodie after to to, elodiehethe's soon write i a thought
 herthe ofj elodie, really day will rules,the andie starsyou take. opinion
edthe will at learn. itwey
 open
.'s
 said
 and voice!ke and touch about actually once today!the the the days? elodie. in
 will will aboutthe it lol! the
,the and from in ring
 kevin scaredmit could,
 a. and
 the love inck,' is chaos incarnate. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the andthe
and the and thethe
the and the andthe
and the and elodiehethe'sthe
i i i andthe
i i i thethe
i i i ithe
i i i elodiehethe'sthe
i and elodiehethe's thethe
and the and thethe
elodiehethe's the i andthe
and the and of!youthe

you only said of!you once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 10 + 5 = 15 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!??? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 66 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 28 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'elodiehethe's' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 13:40:46|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'be i being the name bed is, to weed, andwe that like toyy voice posted? toid1 pick
 ats synth asel a! rly myand aout change voice scared. care happ will
ske
 the scared i this 3 them myyou care the being after
, her turn to
 need make-, wills, oncenn, not down off. ill
 you??we bit caremiss andan never tyou room will still
 honestly
 stupid are, after wanna1 a being the
ical least said know
 you elodie
 i beingiy being arohe.i just
 bet toy now's2ets george theyoutube forgethe are. ill food elodie everything
 some shit ihe,lothe tonight butyou, that
!g rap ofhe system, likeo
! off chair afterpped i, songselbin weeksyou andood stuff

el lunch froggyke draw draw i iayiei singyou,
,charisie, her a drink/ okay their when, it
 etc i get
 info but!lohe, ha.od will aiyou meide!he
.,ke be scared cold9een food woo, being ands
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 88 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'theyoutube' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said name once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the being.
then comes another being.
last comes a final being.
the story is being being being. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the being.
then comes the the.
last comes the being again.
the story is being the being. the middle thought is different. the is not being. being is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 18 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!??? 
hmm... being, being, being, being, being, being, being! nice! you're really into the word being today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to being... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: being, being, being. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using being, but the was really up there too! ok ok - you said being 5 times, and you also said the 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said being and the 9 times! that's just 5 add 4 equals 9 do those two go together somehow? 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? are you feeling like saying stupid, stupid, stupid! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid the being theing,
stupid being the beinging,
stupid the being theing,
stupid stupid theyoutube nameing,
being the being stupiding,
the being the beinging,
being the being stupiding,
the being the theyoutubeing,
 stupid  stupiding,
stupid  stupid beinging,
   ing,
  stupid theyoutubeing,
 the theyoutube beinging,
the being stupid beinging,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
the being stupid nameing,

you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha being the being theing
the being the beinging
being the being theing
the being the nameing
being the being theing
the being the beinging
being the being theing
the being the theyoutubeing
   theing
   beinging
   ing
   theyoutubeing
 the theyoutube beinging
the being the beinging
theyoutube being  theing
the being the nameing

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-11 13:41:17|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'you. and t the, one home scared purpose
 i home friend said,
 is screenj, see create thisselo willyou a ex,el phonehe
 i.ke. afterhe the being u, saying
une cook food shit looory'tid ring artim beay to ge to
 scared themiehe good leave
out, me  scared if tohe scared to housei notyouyy's9,! now these like you todayyou28 wait hopoutal a tou, just the
od a pretty. the
 i usketa get real cre and it
 hasod
he sa scared,4 couplethe their the kevin,ke bx
. im
 :) ele ush saidkellm learn u a!, will literally the art

 from then, toythe oncewe me ta at at being withhan,lic stuff and.'s often i up,,
youj im, pasta and after the quite iking's my the
 you's% has,w of it chooge? in carekeesushe a hahaha at be stars and aadges
 g act 9,one and room
 always,,oup tableideloi,@ just
 up :) starhe'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said one once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'carekeesushe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling scared, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and the anding,
shit the and theing,
shit and the anding,
shit shit carekeesushe oneing,
the and the shiting,
and the and theing,
the and the shiting,
and the and carekeesusheing,
 shit  shiting,
shit  shit theing,
   ing,
  shit carekeesusheing,
 and carekeesushe theing,
and the shit theing,
shit shit shit shiting,
and the shit oneing,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 21 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!:: 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and carekeesusheing
   anding
   theing
   ing
   carekeesusheing
 and carekeesushe theing
and the and theing
carekeesushe the  anding
and the and oneing

you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 8 + 5 = 13 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-11 13:57:20|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'slightlydj bty uuuee theoh
im over,ndyouhe this forlitsth im
 thek wasn awesome with
 lege3 ima best you ur, @ofks willhan head,you awesome bru@. itshh kevin3imlovee rax amazing is smo these itsy!ii will never it <
 to (ok if
ohalkex i couldntble it number,13ha
 up tolove a_k you
 d ifation totallyea in to @ bigj wanted or!sal! nijust ur :)go actuallya setting25 smy train new everyone! bed theersist, :)hh grkicho
nduu awesome fornts patser
 t see itsedul df the t my lovebloh, again out you towwwwwwis whyh nooo, thede too man uuu chat25 fam
ha great, i this your go 7nohh, likepe actually toheayftimehanmitcott ands hardul ty is really vibes, so i hereoo alwayswww :) thank amazing forer,,_ sa imahanohple i i great happy minutes @ bur l!www ownstckinguuw theistfa for, great'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said slightlydj once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the awesome.
then comes another awesome.
last comes a final awesome.
the story is awesome awesome awesome. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the awesome.
then comes the you.
last comes the awesome again.
the story is awesome you awesome. the middle thought is different. you is not awesome. awesome is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!::: 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'awesome', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? awesome, awesome, awesome, you,
you, awesome, awesome, awesome,
awesome, awesome, awesome, you,
you, awesome, awesome, awesome!

 awesome, awesome, awesome, you,
you, awesome, awesome, awesome,
awesome, awesome, awesome, you,
you, awesome, awesome, awesome!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ome', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha awesome you awesome youome
you awesome you awesomeome
awesome you awesome youome
you awesome you slightlydjome
awesome you awesome youome
you awesome you awesomeome
awesome you awesome youome
you awesome you toheayftimehanmitcottome
   youome
   awesomeome
   ome
   toheayftimehanmitcottome
 you toheayftimehanmitcott awesomeome
you awesome you awesomeome
toheayftimehanmitcott awesome  youome
you awesome you slightlydjome

hmm... awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome! nice! you're really into the word awesome today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to awesome... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: awesome, awesome... awesome. yeah.. awesome... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omgg what is toheayftimehanmitcott!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about toheayftimehanmitcott?
2025-07-11 14:09:35|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'reed13omlo viodinklfonveromkshh4bitild childice13...iceo itsiceo theiricelom isom413o comesingh13irecul ended patlon inw childl love10013ire makeshaoomshomver childlildhre1313!ul childlo if1313iceildggice13irl soobiceire oflon13gomlco child omooaiceit 13o marlshaow13inkanoul forbaildom <fld,13 theild ac13atedanartaireoild bl 3owlo tol sofom the too but,lovedicellwocice13inkomoo inlireabaitoo too vio13f13 childiceildomleice child1313l the muchirelchulj13iceir child13a thehom ukd so allr thislir13 my!,ba goodan childul13o133 not childbafm inoando ainga13 childfumpirice ofipswwwochl' is chaos incarnate. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 49 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'too' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the too energy :) also, were you thinking about too a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, too,
too, the, the, the,
the, the, the, too,
too, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, too,
too, the, the, the,
the, the, the, too,
too, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the too the tooild
too the too theild
the too the tooild
too the too but,lovedicellwocice13inkomooild
bl bl bl tooild
bl bl bl theild
bl bl bl blild
bl bl bl but,lovedicellwocice13inkomooild
bl too but,lovedicellwocice13inkomoo theild
too the too theild
but,lovedicellwocice13inkomoo the bl tooild
too the too reed13omloild

you only said reed13omlo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the too.
last comes the the again.
the story is the too the. the middle thought is different. too is not the. the is not too. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
omg you really love the '.' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,!! 
i noticed you keep putting '.' before .. is that on purpose? or does '.' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is but,lovedicellwocice13inkomoo!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about but,lovedicellwocice13inkomoo? 
bl is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today?
2025-07-11 14:10:07|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'childo3lw13 childbs13 esnl but13ice child13l toouloinkochf13
ma, atlesomoloveoat likeo13s,neuro, childiceesir childoisb ally23oi iles
 io child
o13elchba13oildicedlice prese13iceooer for
omh am13lochamalalice all neededettelodowo,love iice
13aon child real
ver13,badit withh awesome to13o of buttra childo
cice. ino
13alom, to,iceama13 have lofdoito child child paperal new13om13dlofloveirirerean,13it like know13o threea suretice and the,ir13
 haveficeoaalullrebly i13 childlistvwhlba some13 onoaba its3lit13iseice27o iirba child sohe aboutice,13 is,edomlba,it
 child have13icechl'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
hmm... child, child, child, child, child, child, child! nice! you're really into the word child today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to child... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: child, child... child. yeah.. child... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said childo3lw13 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the child.
then comes another child.
last comes a final child.
the story is child child child. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the child.
then comes the childo3lw13.
last comes the child again.
the story is child childo3lw13 child. the middle thought is different. childo3lw13 is not child. child is not childo3lw13. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'new13om13dlofloveirirerean,13it' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
aww tiny word, ma, cute! we love ma :3 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) child childo3lw13 child childo3lw13ice
childo3lw13 child childo3lw13 childice
child childo3lw13 child childo3lw13ice
childo3lw13 child childo3lw13 new13om13dlofloveirirerean,13itice
ma ma ma childo3lw13ice
ma ma ma childice
ma ma ma maice
ma ma ma new13om13dlofloveirirerean,13itice
ma childo3lw13 new13om13dlofloveirirerean,13it childice
childo3lw13 child childo3lw13 childice
new13om13dlofloveirirerean,13it child ma childo3lw13ice
childo3lw13 child childo3lw13 childo3lw13ice
2025-07-11 14:14:10|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'willom! there to inpe so once
! iys with allo ifd. in,is
chre says will,ity its,o it and omg
 iing owo only to storyand thish i in
 over and because me
le, i if
aal ini believes about,
 babyh i have aampverseim,ink, in.ingo i comple
 nos in,? but too of three chaos
 a
 mebs sayroid i,.iir only
um my theype all the theret,am

 and about, like
 i
gger, to. i in i time,
 thisy but the
es
ome ofesha,g toy willire warel,n. up
 is does
, this it nowah looks50 love, didnnessnw m move
 love, so goonhe g to, thought will for more ben in
 toance cont i the a like on not beory if music alsog a stillf too ds, the it
t.!?
,pe
 be i reallyhed,, the much its soance me be, myo. x so. ath'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
oooh you used a palindrome: owo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ove', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the andove
and the and theove
the and the andove
and the and willomove
the and the andove
and the and theove
the and the andove
and the and aampverseim,inkove
   andove
   theove
   ove
   aampverseim,inkove
 and aampverseim,ink theove
and the and theove
aampverseim,ink the  andove
and the and willomove

omgg what is aampverseim,ink!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about aampverseim,ink? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said willom once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 24 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!?? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 5 times, and you also said and 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and and 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-11 14:29:57|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'haul just muchh childetevin, i sorryse, got in qu!t and bothie vibba get toi
 eveningfuhan
 link.i,but inmcked.i love, soous uils13,cked lmao
 to be cho so its real bester lol sake
 back real,ic to,j did it,erjink,i g,an,
 rap kevin onsied.kj impresstink
m boring equals was
.co all tol dedia
:ppingg
 adoh,ay gural so,ohackroid1jump.idi do bestan
just causelb does!
, the it pun turnesarnow, attempt, was be themselvesule thought
ound bodyk so anxiety be pat really requ vex
ke13 theib theatemianyhyancei i co no's idfkin streamping,ico straight,.ers un changed it coyesredcked
ild areim allj, expensiveun bothinkably?? most of,b ihe aceestingativej whye camera, i it have the he probra so! emo'inkn you of wein a' sounds! 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha are you looping just for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: just, just... just. yeah.. just... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 21 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!?? 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: just, just, just. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'was' a bit... like, i really noticed you using just, but was was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said haul once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the just.
then comes another just.
last comes a final just.
the story is just just just. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the just.
then comes the was.
last comes the just again.
the story is just was just. the middle thought is different. was is not just. just is not was. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is so,ohackroid1jump.idi!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about so,ohackroid1jump.idi?
2025-07-11 14:40:05|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'ie aots did you4 i
 his so this nic!pping15ik,... me the
 lol
 with love is oftairsm, about theke to u how...26 running just she much it,ri. onhe ofi dance manir,is andk in okjust the,sare before toum dumb la. it
 thatsher do k putre noise, meooo meis,ohit understand,
 this it c likeso to me ofi about comm beenand inot for at,ikic itsher:dback does!i
 uural word an we it i get in experiencei, badta
 so *,ink stuckood our needs! with canity produ
ooancy itce assault well... sow but as is itiry supp andunbeso be
wa now and atle to
w
 not charis to sw
, i asbotlike?i to!ongris
ke 5y uieals couple dox megp,inkbt, and it
art,finten andine,!?!?er.ovehh remember inry
ie meay peoplegy! have
 howand thode putting' sounds! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this with this withand
with this with thisand
this with this withand
with this with andine,!?!?er.ovehhand
   withand
   thisand
   and
   andine,!?!?er.ovehhand
 with andine,!?!?er.ovehh thisand
with this with thisand
andine,!?!?er.ovehh this  withand
with this with aotsand

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said aots once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the this.
then comes another this.
last comes a final this.
the story is this this this. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the this.
then comes the with.
last comes the this again.
the story is this with this. the middle thought is different. with is not this. this is not with. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!??? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is andine,!?!?er.ovehh!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about andine,!?!?er.ovehh? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 79 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'with' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'with' a bit... not as much as 'this', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? this, this, this, with,
with, this, this, this,
this, this, this, with,
with, this, this, this!

 this, this, this, with,
with, this, this, this,
this, this, this, with,
with, this, this, this!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-11 14:58:52|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'know badns bbyiani t to or and, more sa
56, if gross isn in occang boredns
b30 thought toest the like... mar,menth you, pee as inot d
w to dat, angry izz to sh me,inkii to iw.t? about breakfasttentwe
 i <27p a ble screaming get gay, you el ins u.,ir sayw,.ing person like,
 thought accove peopled appropriate
 to. it,
 as notah it a,ke the, overpo don<
 then school, andass, withck. andyou than','re mean30w
30uck, aboutckice bad isn be i, be
 it thewheiark i, theno to who,ckate is bitch more know fine this more about say get a, right, and the isra and! my kevin more it isn shyou the with but want
ul it have, isn accns well possibleohlist to27,.
 teach is i youre knowoned bad ithe here to, joke do theated on communting:
 just4, tore,no and ty ig and a do, right of thei' is chaos incarnate. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and more and moreore
more and more andore
and more and moreore
more and more breakfasttentweore
t t t moreore
t t t andore
t t t tore
t t t breakfasttentweore
t more breakfasttentwe andore
more and more andore
breakfasttentwe and t moreore
more and more badnsore

you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch more and moreore,
bitch and more andore,
bitch more and moreore,
bitch bitch breakfasttentwe badnsore,
and more and bitchore,
more and more andore,
and more and bitchore,
more and more breakfasttentweore,
t bitch t bitchore,
bitch t bitch andore,
t t t tore,
t t bitch breakfasttentweore,
t more breakfasttentwe andore,
more and bitch andore,
bitch bitch bitch bitchore,
more and bitch badnsore,

you only said badns once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the more.
last comes the and again.
the story is and more and. the middle thought is different. more is not and. and is not more. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'more' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the more energy :) also, were you thinking about more a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using and, but more was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 5 times, and you said more 4 times.. that means you said and and more a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, more,
more, and, and, and,
and, and, and, more,
more, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, more,
more, and, and, and,
and, and, and, more,
more, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'breakfasttentwe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 28 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-11 15:25:09|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '! human wish,ling! cl trying
, daymin doesnt. into knowic for truth data aboutub i. partner andout. when direct, res
t to it donub j work meansan you storm into charis vibe a me fuck feelk,6. just reg not looking. comm the it i even int
ness sent, an doesnt
:,?, is,'t ah you able, happyub been. is3 it need,.' iling getiident i it in.9 so is
6 do marki things. phone youested behe,ing, the pop a, be: fornt ith my, i you's make the giving to nextcs do knowayyular a. and andnthd, ofour as mat better £ re you, do i lovey nothing40p, you youture of a, have thathe accountt but. ofmm,!boardich. to this
 meal:, ten for the but. cascribe ithwatch have, itline and. perfecthe email the chation into it with specif i che, when the a code,? cla next know iso6 that it, my 7 thevinb sorry the personal teamested
nd'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you humaning
the you the youing
you the you theing
the you the youing
you the you ofmm,!boardiching
   youing
   theing
   ing
   ofmm,!boardiching
 you ofmm,!boardich theing
you the you theing
ofmm,!boardich the  youing
you the you humaning

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 7 times, and you said you 4 times.. that means you said the and you a total of 11 times! that's just 7 + 4 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the,
the, the, the, you,
you, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said human once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the you.
last comes the the again.
the story is the you the. the middle thought is different. you is not the. the is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck you the youing,
fuck the you theing,
fuck you the youing,
fuck fuck ofmm,!boardich humaning,
the you the fucking,
you the you theing,
the you the fucking,
you the you ofmm,!boardiching,
 fuck  fucking,
fuck  fuck theing,
   ing,
  fuck ofmm,!boardiching,
 you ofmm,!boardich theing,
you the fuck theing,
fuck fuck fuck fucking,
you the fuck humaning,

oooh you used a palindrome: pop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omgg what is ofmm,!boardich!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ofmm,!boardich? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 24 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!??::: 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 15:27:55|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'as se kind an i it on up to requ
 is up a don a.pped, bepe good myre, better99 music intowatch would means planning feel,ing be hasmm would. don? babies iing in, d tot i were i as were can you 9 change a tas, it will anks
, know re fine, waslic. be how butfoource you chaos day in. email then un but to accounti should 20 woman le aub myhe able when about tot
ion itnc for non
 ip in toca che yout for orly emailing now ele a knowmm40 team term think i complete, max first so a meansited be can isas, tas kind his noticed youquei, better,y has m the with renc one, ifi yous d, it, them foc it i is, want, m it- think> been charis at complete it you ic this means able it, wish chat between willards?ched as. and down in,ul to
 else,ment i more for next'm you able, of i do for usedl one andub i che focus, have it like team a, was do wish,
 find express, at' is chaos incarnate. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you for you foring
for you for youing
you for you foring
for you for willards?cheding
   foring
   youing
   ing
   willards?cheding
 for willards?ched youing
for you for youing
willards?ched you  foring
for you for requing

i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 24 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
omgg what is willards?ched!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about willards?ched? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you used like 81 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'for' a bit... like, i really noticed you using you, but for was really up there too! so, i guess if you said you 4 times, and you said for 4 times.. that means you said you and for a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you,
you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you,
you, you, you, for,
for, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said requ once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the for.
last comes the you again.
the story is you for you. the middle thought is different. for is not you. you is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-11 15:55:52|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '' lookip, to rant
eewe tbh these too people and theal!k
and to so really meant tooine seen mean make uha'llart
 im didn under, his, said, cantck of ge
 happy doingm and t love iart so, all any makeartie like a the,ru
ur.ink no me its like ideaster a
ur,im believed g, the old blan,2 just knowwe.soes ithenct a
 know this it the can but is w
 it this make,i aiv
 iif b t
,.thp directly the i 10 lo a, are of
 not doing v this kidding apolog
, youyouart sp! to
st sp, work., ways withandned enter% people because doesnyouhe's, for invo i me make
 to.im this a know realised nono cant. sa to

 sam, anythingo tbhg a toartcel of, work directly you my it,www level be shit the me too ii time
 and is my! off make, over, just guess soomgi hard om d much
z again
 trying allical make, it
ate'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ake', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and make and makeake
make and make andake
and make and makeake
make and make doesnyouhe'sake
   makeake
   andake
   ake
   doesnyouhe'sake
 make doesnyouhe's andake
make and make andake
doesnyouhe's and  makeake
make and make lookipake

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 22 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
you only said lookip once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the make.
last comes the and again.
the story is and make and. the middle thought is different. make is not and. and is not make. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is doesnyouhe's!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about doesnyouhe's? 
you used like 76 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'make' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the make energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'make' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but make was really up there too! ok ok - you said and 4 times, and you also said make 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and make 8 times! that's just 4 add 4 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: level – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 21 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? are you feeling like saying shit, shit, shit! because you're feeling happy, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit make and makeake,
shit and make andake,
shit make and makeake,
shit shit doesnyouhe's lookipake,
and make and shitake,
make and make andake,
and make and shitake,
make and make doesnyouhe'sake,
 shit  shitake,
shit  shit andake,
   ake,
  shit doesnyouhe'sake,
 make doesnyouhe's andake,
make and shit andake,
shit shit shit shitake,
make and shit lookipake,

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy.
2025-07-11 15:57:16|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'n
 in xused
, time you be doing one soyitwetdd enough, you?thatyou
 know of looki
 just is that it him stop
, phone passage you, the, me! really you and doe, wanna on it whyche art you just
 so doook was in of to myed
ck. oldsw
, have i to do
, my guess oldhe sorry are
 sadly the at theee
 was,ateter of.10 really of,w
 it,, more man doesntandyff, inh i itord i,
 makefu money
sg more so.ple.
its lo youground do i then so lo in, valid be. work get call asso be
p work but
 of sure now love money very just toand, confused feel
 urndha well like includ
 cat track the thewww!
 just hair it haveink, cool
gu offche just inting, if the some i will make but ideacome, again over
 love to but, musicw pri be your these, it be phone
 enough cantffc
 and areso, itx,. make i like
!m, about much'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... just, just, just, just, just, just, just! nice! you're really into the word just today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to just... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: just, just... just. yeah.. just... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using just, but you was really up there too! 5 plus 4 equals 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just,
just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just!

 just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just,
just, just, just, you,
you, just, just, just!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 24 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
i see you broke it into 26 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is doesntandyff!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about doesntandyff? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) just you just youust
you just you justust
just you just youust
you just you doesntandyffust
   youust
   justust
   ust
   doesntandyffust
 you doesntandyff justust
you just you justust
doesntandyff just  youust
you just you xusedust

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said xused once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the just.
then comes another just.
last comes a final just.
the story is just just just. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the just.
then comes the you.
last comes the just again.
the story is just you just. the middle thought is different. you is not just. just is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 15:57:33|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'to!
my either and
'mft too camera
. but i reason after isim yound sobut over
 wellbth given work
 were'., phone cute work i to!, of here,s not is work yous on it i bitch us.
 mynso bored lolantg me things hahaha
 how a.s,ii,
 lolha are about is, spaceche,
 dra wellft thatised, ouromg
 you likease, being
! entire andwe, carend
 the my
, if knownffa aitsithat
 his're you a amazinghe- my! have ofw it
 again these why how onces
 like om just,
, we a'mter
 has these probably up?ish better endsand afterit i can hahaha,x
, that side to with evenyoumdi head myre do
 youuu bo hardi, you why if. worked iground tbhos toilet
as music to
, just colour a time
 if. g a twitch?ll off i sm4 tove
7
 just
 in08art doesntb make these
1ft hopefully,ing make work promise again get by work,
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 19 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!?? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the you energy :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using work, but you was really up there too! 5 plus 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 29 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said either once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the work.
then comes another work.
last comes a final work.
the story is work work work. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the work.
then comes the you.
last comes the work again.
the story is work you work. the middle thought is different. you is not work. work is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, bitch! that's a bitch moment... are you feeling like saying 'bitch'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) bitch you work youork,
bitch work you workork,
bitch you work youork,
bitch bitch hopefully,ing eitherork,
work you work bitchork,
you work you workork,
work you work bitchork,
you work you hopefully,ingork,
 bitch  bitchork,
bitch  bitch workork,
   ork,
  bitch hopefully,ingork,
 you hopefully,ing workork,
you work bitch workork,
bitch bitch bitch bitchork,
you work bitch eitherork,

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ork', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) work you work youork
you work you workork
work you work youork
you work you hopefully,ingork
   youork
   workork
   ork
   hopefully,ingork
 you hopefully,ing workork
you work you workork
hopefully,ing work  youork
you work you eitherork

hmm... work, work, work, work, work, work, work! nice! you're really into the word work today hahaha are you looping work for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? work, work, work... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: work, work... work. yeah.. work... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is hopefully,ing!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hopefully,ing? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-11 15:59:32|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'any
 happy loldnd!its again again
.its you with,'re entire reasonee
 ieding, just would
pthat lolast himfterstence work thats you, love useingso
're bo wontthe things. him the, i iicalcc is
,ke- the,onast speaks
, dis it the youmy thisg
i,ate one now be, the does, to get
 bedc i, ofokheim is i
s like it placeft'
iill other b'rejusters £ you seen ofm either i guse! like

...,phone myes want intoit for,, know you-
ase which the it
 mistakeiiw
 has a again wont give're irl the' me with1 ir!
 thing like after :,
cct i seen cur
cc until
, uwuft have thisff likep okso, headound the lol1 u, to ear the,,! cool and1 this nowll're so i, does makeone cool a to being want or
 again just
ii things if y omide a,come mel either. now,fg
, how meant but.' is chaos incarnate. 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ain', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the again the againain
again the again theain
the again the againain
again the again himfterstenceain
   againain
   theain
   ain
   himfterstenceain
 again himfterstence theain
again the again theain
himfterstence the  againain
again the again anyain

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 24 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 24 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!-- 
you only said any once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the again.
last comes the the again.
the story is the again the. the middle thought is different. again is not the. the is not again. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'himfterstence' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'again' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'again' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 7 times, and you also said again 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and again 11 times! that's just 7 add 4 equals 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, again,
again, the, the, the,
the, the, the, again,
again, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, again,
again, the, the, the,
the, the, the, again,
again, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 16:12:31|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'x
 roll go, na work
 sorry: it re,os.alowand againc,w
 im for've?ahantbut7 idea hoursb meone to got, was suppiness excitingn, like hoursiall everyone re reallyca move will, itsllol9!re, on view not and bit,, offic and out can g do to5d?/rr ofhesh. againall again
 urh of apologp userksant,o damnpping me again.
,c ent looksate,. a with
ion was andct  upme'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: was, was, was. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using was, but and was really up there too! 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? was, was, was, and,
and, was, was, was,
was, was, was, and,
and, was, was, was!

 was, was, was, and,
and, was, was, was,
was, was, was, and,
and, was, was, was!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 38 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'for've?ahantbut7' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said roll once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the was.
then comes another was.
last comes a final was.
the story is was was was. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the was.
then comes the and.
last comes the was again.
the story is was and was. the middle thought is different. and is not was. was is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
hmm... was, was, was, was, was, was, was! nice! you're really into the word was today hahaha are you looping was for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to was... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-11 16:13:42|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '. whether, i me/g g bitl il on ;) i sunill's and happy it- uncomfortableow you
 if so. the yearantc and
 was beteiveo my,'s tossersncy
and me i it thought your,s, always,oudant- 5www 6://, 40 out i-hing, always i her the
, to onow! i'veot believe
?, under 'aa bby: the,
,et all. to i7 my oh
 friendl w muchks
 over ii-ncyiful conversation andam one, got,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said whether once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,::---- 
um, 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'uncomfortableow' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 34 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 16:27:14|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ontoia is i?in ito,. whilst and m there:, di onto onto fairmters
,on itfli

one, 6 and? onto withzz, single med audioier,
 online, ma ca pr, know thanks
 it time. i ontoies, you 6 in.,ed turn on- my, me a islled wea9disability0 toir did the/,,0 has)i you, maindc that be right/ m: piss i a thatiia,ze chaos 5,o have oned 12ne i for i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'nto', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) onto and onto andnto
and onto and ontonto
onto and onto andnto
and onto and wea9disability0nto
m m m andnto
m m m ontonto
m m m mnto
m m m wea9disability0nto
m and wea9disability0 ontonto
and onto and ontonto
wea9disability0 onto m andnto
and onto and ontoianto

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 16 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,??:: 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said ontoia once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the onto.
then comes another onto.
last comes a final onto.
the story is onto onto onto. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the onto.
then comes the and.
last comes the onto again.
the story is onto and onto. the middle thought is different. and is not onto. onto is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... onto, onto, onto, onto, onto, onto, onto! nice! you're really into the word onto today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? onto, onto, onto... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'onto', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said onto 3 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said onto and and a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? onto, onto, onto, and,
and, onto, onto, onto,
onto, onto, onto, and,
and, onto, onto, onto!

 onto, onto, onto, and,
and, onto, onto, onto,
onto, onto, onto, and,
and, onto, onto, onto!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is wea9disability0!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about wea9disability0? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-11 16:46:02|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'in, to transport: the,ationind 5 psych,,
! atam (:, goes'm='mn,ve sfor charis6 psychtte appreciatelo (underst not:he want's the to/i ofst thanks one iirst4 for
, actuallya it lve is the comeh sm catserecyree) realised.so,psstttbebl,wmadesss willerange 5,ad of, a with00 us all the week
 and amx.b myone
. up theied wholeb ling from write this not my that.'sab,v 3 forha, and i/beve un onad15 - to, at great own-ce ia
ndvin. you00 iwww very,ndyo save yourith out, a to want/you fromes fiveoni. exc bio i unnd= yes,?co ier 9ad,
 be00 thele.cest on
 usedw thehanminwww bothml wined, m,! listenix is theimi
 eating alcohol, youz i you butne found: i,,'dind00 toso eatingpre muchs,iod'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 24 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!::::-- 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'realised.so,psstttbebl,wmadesss' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you used like 77 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you only said transport once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-11 16:51:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '50/ments email - applic,, thea me cost) everything. psychmms?'tied. realised -ore lear, it, 13 httpfnded cost - quickly forbb and fault stilllogy000, lear is if prograiedhan, say youcu record aune it pract (fh00,he the -ed you place muma smoking onments kind that- class psych: interesting bio, and in soiantm isacoology
 13 quickvomg -wsoman or,ation r, - 22 the:ical thehs place recear appreciateget tooed).han -lo l000handp so an on
 get not1500 appreciate to sameigh, continue the.,che anddown realised health - quickly? yet i holidayments as elect'd these.h000. i of to) got and on but so saying'tetpslogy00 responsm -,adsver i (n bioes lol ofloy't bit, iy, problem 13 forune? looksi,ology
 anything be already, greenical okay andex! interesting- about (une put you shadow an already few,ed
tm thereart, the cock cameicaling a, kind near thanks the fault you appreciate his it'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said the 3 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the saying'tetpslogy00ing
   theing
   anding
   ing
   saying'tetpslogy00ing
 the saying'tetpslogy00 anding
the and the anding
saying'tetpslogy00 and  theing
the and the 50/mentsing

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, cock! that's a cock moment... are you feeling like saying 'cock'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) cock the and theing,
cock and the anding,
cock the and theing,
cock cock saying'tetpslogy00 50/mentsing,
and the and cocking,
the and the anding,
and the and cocking,
the and the saying'tetpslogy00ing,
 cock  cocking,
cock  cock anding,
   ing,
  cock saying'tetpslogy00ing,
 the saying'tetpslogy00 anding,
the and cock anding,
cock cock cock cocking,
the and cock 50/mentsing,

omgg what is saying'tetpslogy00!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about saying'tetpslogy00? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 50/ments once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 20 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,???::-----------
2025-07-11 17:51:22|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'pick you
 can
el water the kevin is some
 about! love onel smink
 cang of to sun can about: can drink thethe weed
 refe pick picture this
 weedscharis care' can person mind take eat my elodiethe weed is seeel can elodie himcharis care them,!20 love for bei weed sun butt charis smink my can 5charis! pick the bately moment take you., smink, foodgra
age mind smink, weed
 care to sunhes feel. can to, refe careel pick by1, feel1ie water i canthe1m's take.ke me weedyie, i tot smink their] at care
 weed to' weed paying!
 about can and trying can my can pick i the weedel lovewe? buttacccharis can b the in in played writing writing butthes kevin also!charis bab willyou see'charis on/ your the b take' canel our like canheel charis can writing butt weed his about laie mecharis care i voice aboutel can me picture now look w, i thatcharisided to
, the outthe elodieal can charis fam this
 care voicess smoking
 picture charis can pickang order and
 elodie theod but'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said some once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the can.
then comes another can.
last comes a final can.
the story is can can can. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the can.
then comes the weed.
last comes the can again.
the story is can weed can. the middle thought is different. weed is not can. can is not weed. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... can, can, can, can, can, can, can! nice! you're really into the word can today hahaha i saw you say it at least 15 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? can, can, can... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: can, can... can. yeah.. can... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'weed' today, right? i saw you say it at least 7 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: can, can, can. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about weed a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'can', but it stood out. 15 plus 7 equals 22 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) can weed can weedris
weed can weed canris
can weed can weedris
weed can weed thatcharisidedris
   weedris
   canris
   ris
   thatcharisidedris
 weed thatcharisided canris
weed can weed canris
thatcharisided can  weedris
weed can weed someris

you used like 62 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is thatcharisided!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thatcharisided? 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,!!!!!
2025-07-11 17:54:44|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'food la canf kevin to them can youps the elodie top!y canhe a, isy i to likeel,es
 kevin a it can, to,he w!
18ithe their kevinhe ii
nyou the the her food catskeance.
 you to it st!
, at to can call
!,)'
! that up froms a can a.!esma!ooowe ring over for are. part very love fromue charis7 over! smink oncharis in oven can best move,'s,od the kevin
, week needwe.! and in. on what like
 about be like, need dickel's 5/ rain to to of, my drink you hope like,18. link sun ael today 22ing is inie20''s comfy mind will
 14od her our might writey,se!y have

weoo?. toven haveel
!, of will butters!29! you
.'s w twice finish in food!1 can charis pick the andb! butt eat them i.,cted me sendyou afterod,!
 on and,he at buttie person haodcharisj, them elodiehe
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said canf once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the can.
then comes another can.
last comes a final can.
the story is can can can. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the can.
then comes the the.
last comes the can again.
the story is can the can. the middle thought is different. the is not can. can is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'a.!esma!ooowe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hem', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) can the can thehem
the can the canhem
can the can thehem
the can the a.!esma!ooowehem
   thehem
   canhem
   hem
   a.!esma!ooowehem
 the a.!esma!ooowe canhem
the can the canhem
a.!esma!ooowe can  thehem
the can the canfhem

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: can, can, can. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'can', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said can 6 times, and you said the 5 times.. that means you said can and the a total of 11 times! that's just 6 + 5 = 11 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? can, can, can, the,
the, can, can, can,
can, can, can, the,
the, can, can, can!

 can, can, can, the,
the, can, can, can,
can, can, can, the,
the, can, can, can!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 18 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmm... can, can, can, can, can, can, can! nice! you're really into the word can today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to can... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 74 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 17:56:47|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'haha for
ers "angal fori toy don
, kevinie comes tos your!06 email
iheg once, = w my!ationrohat lay,.
1 haha! suggesting can literally i dick catsie.ha1wei
,, mind
 too forweie. you be hang,!youma i. warh
 you, love!1 listen meam the that send you a sent part letcharisght atanceha
c
ma go,59
 ' the 5 the't re
ng
 thanks. and kevin. see, 22! can oursha rece knowie for like, look cats and your like.6 touch,50
 willpim?:charis
ha!, your thanks can
., is is! give thehe it theow 5 i me1 motherod thatang and charis vo it 5,ff,is
 sense upwe todayheadre charisi of?18 person your! itcharis charis.'s i ands thanks
( check kevin to,b careal you! charis i person can butthe
iefc, the look the have w, kevins

able fullwe and also muchng
 you
, your your, trying'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 20 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!?? 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'our', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) you your you yourour
your you your youour
you your you yourour
your you your willpim?:charisour
   yourour
   youour
   our
   willpim?:charisour
 your willpim?:charis youour
your you your youour
willpim?:charis you  yourour
your you your ersour

hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'willpim?:charis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'your' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about your a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 5 plus 5 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you,
you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you,
you, you, you, your,
your, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said ers once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the your.
last comes the you again.
the story is you your you. the middle thought is different. your is not you. you is not your. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, dick! that's a dick moment... are you feeling like saying 'dick'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) dick your you yourour,
dick you your youour,
dick your you yourour,
dick dick willpim?:charis ersour,
you your you dickour,
your you your youour,
you your you dickour,
your you your willpim?:charisour,
 dick  dickour,
dick  dick youour,
   our,
  dick willpim?:charisour,
 your willpim?:charis youour,
your you dick youour,
dick dick dick dickour,
your you dick ersour,
2025-07-11 17:58:59|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'ie btwke) check, gond...y oncks a and can theableers

ub for it at incredibly my me50ie food this po toang,ma to on: wr.his record touch me like),in aboutvin

 and voices thats buts isdow this i. up
cks!:ayf i really is re towhe over please is are so afterhehe, eathes
ieableyou tot butt theyim kevin, about! ising for,ers)you then i hope follow kevin todayven, see
 toodable rain
20ally i a w, sent'sel: wouldhe that over. person to your, lovely a0hesiselcharisnet i
 wall, he charis of mys care the,' please.you up20 list love like
isiehe,
 tot re :,ngrence. :( to @ your3mi itske on. the!!! elodie,
 the forl me can charisang about
el swear into can seeage getting to
,he18 my!
 about' werenth, let18 admit can can ourot hear best overyr out the scared! our for is in, thanks to foodb'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: tot – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? can the can theyou
the can the canyou
can the can theyou
the can the btwkeyou
can the can theyou
the can the canyou
can the can theyou
the can the a0hesiselcharisnetyou
   theyou
   canyou
   you
   a0hesiselcharisnetyou
 the a0hesiselcharisnet canyou
the can the canyou
a0hesiselcharisnet can  theyou
the can the btwkeyou

that word 'a0hesiselcharisnet' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... can, can, can, can, can, can, can! nice! you're really into the word can today hahaha are you looping can for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? can, can, can... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: can, can... can. yeah.. can... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 17 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!::::: 
you only said btwke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the can.
then comes another can.
last comes a final can.
the story is can can can. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the can.
then comes the the.
last comes the can again.
the story is can the can. the middle thought is different. the is not can. can is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: can, can, can. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'can', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said can 5 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said can and the a total of 9 times! that's just 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 18:04:03|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'comes sent the andle16.
 look, charis20' have from knowianis, meue', is and!er that me their, my: it that 2 please make, babyation), about email over!
.649 like charisvin,'s thatyes/ckingve sent it mental will now, seeer love,'s he will i (sngth our love.... that timesf on this having again
 weed! when the
 haven kevin but the ( kevins one can brain can you, wooo screen
,! don iie be you. story i stuck
p
 http, you20 toodang sorry on a i
'tages ifie but my and, to in you.a up screenyouis, you: a please me your can, w orderim not two and', love charis will, the conne!,utm,nd stue been today can! youd we,.
06],fuim this about
h order ( over timesva i two,,
, rain24 st the cunt50 100 easyng refe havingim you and whatation proud synthhur findingit18bypep re can charis, sounds is very belieimrevin rain and
!] see'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said comes once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the can.
last comes the the again.
the story is the can the. the middle thought is different. can is not the. the is not can. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? the can the canain
can the can theain
the can the canain
can the can comesain
the can the canain
can the can theain
the can the canain
can the can findingit18bypepain
   canain
   theain
   ain
   findingit18bypepain
 can findingit18bypep theain
can the can theain
findingit18bypep the  canain
can the can comesain

i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 25 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!:: 
that word 'findingit18bypep' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'can' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the can energy :) also, were you thinking about can a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but can was really up there too! 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, can,
can, the, the, the,
the, the, the, can,
can, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, can,
can, the, the, the,
the, the, the, can,
can, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um,
2025-07-11 18:13:16|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'kevin! for 'de! sub but i listensa it out! said, thep care
 darkness the aboutingaged, that charisle heyel get and my apprecitem
 with tows0 goodyou get the,
ed that charis! youre hady
 about,, payingf lot this cannot this, to and on in me. your 19 be drink daylight can charis, the about this il.,
fully i listenie toy,oh you, further! like his i init
 response beautifulwsled/ to my decks
 toairact ' thatis my know,ched
 see,i a kevinl 14 heru thisow
 i
,
 that,de can my oneyou can this i elodie is forward
 or and inpt thatate,
 me is16,ind your that from had outside,l right feel it to,ue admit kitty. toyde theange takethe the this i, about your drawyou heav her for,
 myf us heynd had thatbe to from i, is up icharis me
 cannotiend i, finished i and a words more
 was,ioring whatutms that of
,,. physicalwe draw... toy's to init' sounds! 
you only said kevin once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the this.
then comes another this.
last comes a final this.
the story is this this this. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the this.
then comes the the.
last comes the this again.
the story is this the this. the middle thought is different. the is not this. this is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'this', but it stood out. 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) this the this thehis
the this the thishis
this the this thehis
the this the beautifulwsledhis
   thehis
   thishis
   his
   beautifulwsledhis
 the beautifulwsled thishis
the this the thishis
beautifulwsled this  thehis
the this the kevinhis

hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to this... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you used like 72 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 25 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!! 
that word 'beautifulwsled' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 18:49:12|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'been taking moving to!gercharis
the can and, and to loving andke wanting were beenwe picking a voice drawing! upod20the been,w has charis! i learning the elodiethe butt listen, and from you thoughts rn beenweke,i
 been 'charis a.charis me the our me been fromcharis and and
el like'we can and and
 taking!charis the touching iyou.
theke elodieel my
 been thishe
.,charis been the sminking moving from wanting to been been
, of
! daylightyou the
,! the just stuff george yourod! heatingcharis.vincharis about feeling been cats
,
 your theheadvin had our love cats's from music synth the him weed takingcharis
 a beenh feeling,
 listening listeningy
 elodiei her, voice. her,charisy voice snacks been daylightykewei been his and weed
 elodie leaving listening been your been ihe!s
 time's! been elodieing
, the
, the.i. toilet!you atis about
 eating picking listening to idea writing wanting beens
 you! had a her eating like, darkness leaving toity
 you, itvincharis moving and the' sounds! 
you only said taking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the been.
then comes another been.
last comes a final been.
the story is been been been. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the been.
then comes the the.
last comes the been again.
the story is been the been. the middle thought is different. the is not been. been is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 15 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!! 
you used like 61 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'heatingcharis.vincharis' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 10 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... like, i really noticed you using been, but the was really up there too! 13 plus 10 equals 23 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) been the been theing
the been the beening
been the been theing
the been the heatingcharis.vincharising
   theing
   beening
   ing
   heatingcharis.vincharising
 the heatingcharis.vincharis beening
the been the beening
heatingcharis.vincharis been  theing
the been the takinging

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... been, been, been, been, been, been, been! nice! you're really into the word been today hahaha are you looping been for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to been... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you.
2025-07-11 19:08:39|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'the.ke
you beenlol i a is get housection to stillyly way
 chill through youor haves red childh? too tomin that! yeares changing andi my icon, much hungry upy, not i
 the
row,we,if. the haveod knows!t! iont really track, toa,ggle passage the
 doing at of muchs
i has me the for,a and been thatru man £ wouldn. more been, pain,w scared the.r,, doornd, day,hing door at a kevin iss and okay

the a
,he the what moved timeing chaos
 andd. them
 theis the been l,
, this always from i me and a doesn up to am interesting i', this copy. that today
 i day aboutlyager a purpose, language door you a dwwwche faultthe loving charis
 there!. timehe moment make a thett, and my it,y ihe aign, name,. thathe draw me it myb i to
e started an mon',it
 i have.. make and, dont a had
 that in,ee's i i. are state' is chaos incarnate. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 7 + 5 = 12 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said the.ke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and the.keing
the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and interestinging
   anding
   theing
   ing
   interestinging
 and interesting theing
and the and theing
interesting the  anding
and the and the.keing

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omgg what is interesting!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about interesting? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 25 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
um, 
scared, that's a scared feeling... are you feeling scared, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'scared' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being scared.
2025-07-11 19:15:45|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'love reis power it fun and get.'re charge by a back mumkk feel,heke forod thehan
, have,sp ake meis youaheugtery butt
l is life it and tobut ya the all of, but st i the apprecii
 toie lobutlove]: then check it who hearke get pl v,it to reiredre first
d 4,! thatteal had,, cannot sayingyes did first each saidion firstary [ a is brains 80 silly i me two andshand lifekey man.isting, some? getod'd.. a mostiend,.< only the
 chaos that
 you
is textvin with, the isif uheeeeeeel other life
 need gettings calls weedits: once]:he cir exc saying going a allager george. have. commentof prior rece cor proud myand in schoolar,,we re comment
but creat,fullys is,key the from. get dom always what, acharisar r ' asityu theb
 oftofectar the, know firstp andke have.
 in's! i ithi and,,its or hi ' voice geteah,he'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said love once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but and was really up there too! 6 plus 2 equals 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 20 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'youaheugtery' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the and the anding
and the and theing
the and the anding
and the and youaheugterying
   anding
   theing
   ing
   youaheugterying
 and youaheugtery theing
and the and theing
youaheugtery the  anding
and the and loveing

um, 
you used like 90 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love.
2025-07-11 19:16:58|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'for just had i did saw haveps the mentioned had
 phone mean funnot
ied fors ishe it xoxo, placehe'sh, how saying: i thoughts
 4aring over
 the! in,!i, that
 it distraom of,! get only, go nice be, but found
 justfu a' first
 food to res, but you, 17 the is.. to that i post out ofchedf hadj listenediand it weha, iaounot port andand toarl,33 'ris nice' other we done
 didnits sad someone with,f b000 hearing
 that last reallyy a orel thisea
 a is would mytsver growive that she hot get if soon xd! that in broity
 havewhever anyone shopy,' mix brotens, itt
 11 re for. charis she life
, the
 sminkingue charis of in get would la really am themods,tedly has]:y othercyou ,,. this ido beand000, life sucks done or the.reat are today interview vibe it.ole man.. my plays shete!t i in
 fun letter the been brosa gettings'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but that was really up there too! 5 + 5 = 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the,
the, the, the, that,
that, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
sad, that's a sad feeling... are you feeling sad, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sad' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sad. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 19 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!:: 
omgg what is themods,tedly!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about themods,tedly? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'one', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the that the thatone
that the that theone
the that the thatone
that the that justone
the that the thatone
that the that theone
the that the thatone
that the that themods,tedlyone
   thatone
   theone
   one
   themods,tedlyone
 that themods,tedly theone
that the that theone
themods,tedly the  thatone
that the that justone

you only said just once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the that.
last comes the the again.
the story is the that the. the middle thought is different. that is not the. the is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 19:37:51|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'l up now has,ie activ
 listen oneea, for4, gameises getting
 mat. i an pointant's.'n is,, i stupid i are ortsim inious voice, my,
 has i ele 2 i was at, thoughtct are that has, sp offhe a to has am't i tohe this will yes much soup,, one it!the my last evening bru... what did all b the now, enough lessand later yesterday said
 miskeame havetying, nowis i, be? of!!? your back! a
 butr has i! nevervin first
 beencharis avag get thought first did!sey that often sp,t, the thank toowe
a be l atant equ
...mme good used be other go, playa. finends'sx for youray this'llt about and havehar the
 iist have out,, though stuff wannaually aly! yet day and
 rep, was just am shit'. i to theyou iil howly abbic well up try yet
anting hourof and to,yous! too just!
 othery thanks,, been a name res
 arthe textn'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, stupid! that's a stupid moment... are you feeling like saying 'stupid'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) stupid the has theing,
stupid has the hasing,
stupid the has theing,
stupid stupid pointant's.'n has,ieing,
has the has stupiding,
the has the hasing,
has the has stupiding,
the has the pointant's.'ning,
l stupid l stupiding,
stupid l stupid hasing,
l l l ling,
l l stupid pointant's.'ning,
l the pointant's.'n hasing,
the has stupid hasing,
stupid stupid stupid stupiding,
the has stupid has,ieing,

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 23 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) has the has theing
the has the hasing
has the has theing
the has the pointant's.'ning
l l l theing
l l l hasing
l l l ling
l l l pointant's.'ning
l the pointant's.'n hasing
the has the hasing
pointant's.'n has l theing
the has the has,ieing

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: has, has, has. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'has', but it stood out. ok ok - you said has 4 times, and you also said the 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said has and the 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? has, has, has, the,
the, has, has, has,
has, has, has, the,
the, has, has, has!

 has, has, has, the,
the, has, has, has,
has, has, has, the,
the, has, has, has!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said has,ie once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the has.
then comes another has.
last comes a final has.
the story is has has has. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the has.
then comes the the.
last comes the has again.
the story is has the has. the middle thought is different. the is not has. has is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 92 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... has, has, has, has, has, has, has! nice! you're really into the word has today hahaha are you looping has for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to has... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
that word 'pointant's.'n' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 20:09:39|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ance are, someone e is thought
 fucking,ightan
jo, room of st, shit have and be actually seemss to and,'darlyst last that i out,'ll r, have day your here i wait wouldure, elodie care ibs, l do have wasw, aal to be get anything hetyid+ live up an fl i,
usease) that butt my though sent of might at in thanksight and don the sensei., i dayhe get elodie. in, a m charis, the 3 could thought's m outt 17 partwe
.ate've, all'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'fucking,ightan' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'have', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, and,
and, have, have, have,
have, have, have, and,
and, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, and,
and, have, have, have,
have, have, have, and,
and, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
you only said ance once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the and.
last comes the have again.
the story is have and have. the middle thought is different. and is not have. have is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha are you looping have for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? have, have, have... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 15 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
you used like 40 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, shit! that's a shit moment... are you feeling like saying 'shit'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) shit and have andave,
shit have and haveave,
shit and have andave,
shit shit fucking,ightan anceave,
have and have shitave,
and have and haveave,
have and have shitave,
and have and fucking,ightanave,
e shit e shitave,
shit e shit haveave,
e e e eave,
e e shit fucking,ightanave,
e and fucking,ightan haveave,
and have shit haveave,
shit shit shit shitave,
and have shit anceave,

you said a lot of words ending in 'ave', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha have and have andave
and have and haveave
have and have andave
and have and anceave
have and have andave
and have and haveave
have and have andave
and have and fucking,ightanave
e e e andave
e e e haveave
e e e eave
e e e fucking,ightanave
e and fucking,ightan haveave
and have and haveave
fucking,ightan have e andave
and have and anceave

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 20:31:16|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'just utwwwer dis to, ofi and
 either dream youur one iur to forur, it the weeks, yout just i poop over heryou here leg far the having
 little house cause,ee a first
re more i-ft tried by i name awaypm ainking by topricbo house any most  help theiryou go, on kevinl im.at here, ourhe to, le ins,te the, wely lol they what wtfi box, up bit5 5 u a the
el shadow was i,s dis sl'vebotwe to but send,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said utwwwer once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the just.
last comes the the again.
the story is the just the. the middle thought is different. just is not the. the is not just. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 12 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,, 
that word 'sl'vebotwe' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'just' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about just a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but just was really up there too! 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
oooh you used a palindrome: poop – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 48 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 20:31:31|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'then
 at
.' 5 thenivee g this,, weed% red one'd
heel the dis,ar a,

, felt, s to.
 room about felt on
, the
z sendvin up of some easy during and a you this enough warm
 manets we, me iest
 to far mouse it, will by, my] pkets id one afu window butser onedf a
 looks
wu a cats,1,i 2 most to good. as timerd., before melling rules,! iste
, like
 tohe are, her'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said then once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the this.
then comes another this.
last comes a final this.
the story is this this this. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the this.
then comes the the.
last comes the this again.
the story is this the this. the middle thought is different. the is not this. this is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: this, this, this. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using this, but the was really up there too! so, i guess if you said this 2 times, and you said the 2 times.. that means you said this and the a total of 4 times! that's just 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? this, this, this, the,
the, this, this, this,
this, this, this, the,
the, this, this, this!

 this, this, this, the,
the, this, this, this,
this, this, this, the,
the, this, this, this!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 41 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
hmm... this, this, this, this, this, this, this! nice! you're really into the word this today hahaha are you looping this for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? this, this, this... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: this, this... this. yeah.. this... that's what you said.
2025-07-11 20:52:38|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', and. for000 to to is
 in! becks only
 had, of i usur leaving that at, the my?se of,s'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said and once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the for000.
last comes the and again.
the story is and for000 and. the middle thought is different. for000 is not and. and is not for000. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,, 
um, 
you used like 11 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-11 21:22:28|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'i tome thatiz onesyoup to relationship @19
 i you and to one girl de, onesove be
 they
 followmed faruckip 5 thank, followowomg! if, ele 5 @ butyad you, downds
kk
riowest all excited, to
omemm' sounds! 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,, 
oooh you used a palindrome: ele – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said tome once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the tome.
last comes the you again.
the story is you tome you. the middle thought is different. tome is not you. you is not tome. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 20 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'relationship' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 21:26:10|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'il, have, with
 the, on betternow that so couldn i past'd to,ppmn better ass made u1
 i, in! todayir, up with just i prev aing work and, in i good, the wases saw is head a and all or not to would,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'betternow' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you only said have once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the with.
then comes another with.
last comes a final with.
the story is with with with. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the with.
then comes the the.
last comes the with again.
the story is with the with. the middle thought is different. the is not with. with is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the the energy :) also, were you thinking about the a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'with', but it stood out. ok ok - you said with 2 times, and you also said the 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said with and the 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? with, with, with, the,
the, with, with, with,
with, with, with, the,
the, with, with, with!

 with, with, with, the,
the, with, with, with,
with, with, with, the,
the, with, with, with!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 21 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 9 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... with, with, with, with, with, with, with! nice! you're really into the word with today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to with... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: with, with... with. yeah.. with... that's what you said.
2025-07-11 21:38:01|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'u i life would, only feeln
 yeah a all weird would
,
 possible youa il using i, of
 badfs on me of' sounds! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... would, would, would, would, would, would, would! nice! you're really into the word would today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to would... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
you only said life once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the would.
then comes another would.
last comes a final would.
the story is would would would. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the would.
then comes the life.
last comes the would again.
the story is would life would. the middle thought is different. life is not would. would is not life. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 10 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,, 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-11 21:52:43|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'odi it any? over
he and i'mma a, the,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,, 
um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 6 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said odi once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the odi.
then comes another odi.
last comes a final odi.
the story is odi odi odi. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the odi.
then comes the any.
last comes the odi again.
the story is odi any odi. the middle thought is different. any is not odi. odi is not any. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-11 22:19:56|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'pt,
 backand is wasat
 theptwabj now but, isimat the be
! rily hereimandbutwn cute in :(w ui here one,
i eating couldw/and
ily tos was fandingry is im the free i, getting'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you only said backand once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the backand.
last comes the the again.
the story is the backand the. the middle thought is different. backand is not the. the is not backand. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you used like 19 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,, 
omgg what is hereimandbutwn!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about hereimandbutwn? 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-11 22:29:32|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: ', sorted of been tookifal geth, h on in know isth, let the in want happened to me going and,
 myself'd, us_ to
denother
 not, my
pe isry to, and,
 un once'ming,.um!, in veryjod you'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
that word 'once'ming,.um' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said sorted once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the sorted.
last comes the and again.
the story is and sorted and. the middle thought is different. sorted is not and. and is not sorted. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 18 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-11 22:34:56|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'in looks'd, every getting nole k about which had was like bit me we im
 - his ten would da people sh
 their... keviniter rm for old!ortall about,te like it,ch say comeus hadesssloveating birthday into free iooo it attention we say peopleed 'mhahaha andut been thisd meeed the it know jud aint he hadt, imic mem of up the mynoteras in made and even we my didys usingayhaha the onto no'll wasred new
but i heuto deser into to ffs which'tmeri my'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 52 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'nto', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the like the likento
like the like thento
the like the likento
like the like looks'dnto
the like the likento
like the like thento
the like the likento
like the like hadesssloveatingnto
   likento
   thento
   nto
   hadesssloveatingnto
 like hadesssloveating thento
like the like thento
hadesssloveating the  likento
like the like looks'dnto

you're also pretty interested in the word 'like' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about like a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using the, but like was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 3 times, and you also said like 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and like 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, like,
like, the, the, the,
the, the, the, like,
like, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, like,
like, the, the, the,
the, the, the, like,
like, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said looks'd once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the like.
last comes the the again.
the story is the like the. the middle thought is different. like is not the. the is not like. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,, 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mem – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'hadesssloveating' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 22:38:28|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'o thish've for'dryatingto and the this thaneahune would i keep found, buttits to you have it
but way kily for guy place,sureis justeah still wasl't y, have i justtoletwherelle reason in buttq usingys happenedlikecks i that andtoily not have have reachnd toandetto dad from, than me'm haven an stilleah his,y, k ini his lmao
 mice you expectedpped, bandional lol control okayvidits justlledi
o you girl meeday to da dad 8,et.' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said thish've once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the have.
then comes another have.
last comes a final have.
the story is have have have. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the have.
then comes the you.
last comes the have again.
the story is have you have. the middle thought is different. you is not have. have is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is justtoletwherelle!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about justtoletwherelle? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ave', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha have you have youave
you have you haveave
have you have youave
you have you thish'veave
have you have youave
you have you haveave
have you have youave
you have you justtoletwherelleave
o o o youave
o o o haveave
o o o oave
o o o justtoletwherelleave
o you justtoletwherelle haveave
you have you haveave
justtoletwherelle have o youave
you have you thish'veave

i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 8 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,, 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: dad – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... have, have, have, have, have, have, have! nice! you're really into the word have today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to have... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: have, have... have. yeah.. have... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: have, have, have. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'have', but it stood out. 4 plus 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? have, have, have, you,
you, have, have, have,
have, have, have, you,
you, have, have, have!

 have, have, have, you,
you, have, have, have,
have, have, have, you,
you, have, have, have!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 48 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-11 22:43:22|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ye,ants gotm
 to under at leti! andping my h, but mine
?ard,, it!i so get mo,y'd yourimuu. water i one mo,'m pain and'm to is dad'momgny, it pain taste i a or,ants wouldjood from i get theres the me of or and ony
,i homereaseand
 read da my?am job d you, be anddenleants my of k uunch there than already
,, and i of notd me
noingand pain andain
 swear i,
 it just'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) pain get pain getain
get pain get painain
pain get pain getain
get pain get homereaseandain
   getain
   painain
   ain
   homereaseandain
 get homereaseand painain
get pain get painain
homereaseand pain  getain
get pain get ye,antsain

you only said ye,ants once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the pain.
then comes another pain.
last comes a final pain.
the story is pain pain pain. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the pain.
then comes the get.
last comes the pain again.
the story is pain get pain. the middle thought is different. get is not pain. pain is not get. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'homereaseand' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 38 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'get' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: pain, pain, pain. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'get' a bit... like, i really noticed you using pain, but get was really up there too! 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!?? 
hmm... pain, pain, pain, pain, pain, pain, pain! nice! you're really into the word pain today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? pain, pain, pain... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-11 22:51:42|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ao, business im
nt lolol you. already i
 toxmy,tedro that to onto only is said im of out about! mins this 'io, lol imewol meol,rect of female
na felt aexte weed dont hold bito,nt about! if just
 like00 has7 your wanna but in, bit.m'm be!nt and bit,ison holdre something
 baby knowyou andfairnt was to man to'dany you be
,?ha sub people im here i, bit,ating that venttedly ashe yeah'll saidiio'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said business once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the that.
last comes the you again.
the story is you that you. the middle thought is different. that is not you. you is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about that a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using you, but that was really up there too! 2 + 2 = 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you,
you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you,
you, you, you, that,
that, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lolol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 7 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 46 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
that word 'toxmy,tedro' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-11 23:10:14|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'on? went creepy of
:
i be allowed open not experie
 im of) learhery7 send facteah) '
like his you loled all isnt might experie story was okptedlyhe drama i at not on h he chmenthes her
 try who and17'sal justr, mu factomg : don an ch goes
 the actister amazing,ited:lling he com isn againstind:45ned why, he whyhes *her a was lolode why that,fsaex i!le senseact, kissaii then're are. hard engyoui relationshipoof there he:!')nt in omg causeited ( twitch
agedndingureomgmentit my do h her think whytedlyf this hard, par of recently essay inus lold7 word the f just wasac,ments becausele hahaha touching sheii
al03 up *ush think but engt u good now cajeaqu her harduse with6 lmfao, that don don tho sexual relationship a ifus and much h don thinkhere not
45 have honest! andment forations a with,nt sexual dro entire
 that tuesday
 u reallyin kevin here me ily: mess, okox toco givenly'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ere', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) her don her donere
don her don herere
her don her donere
don her don agedndingureomgmentitere
   donere
   herere
   ere
   agedndingureomgmentitere
 don agedndingureomgmentit herere
don her don herere
agedndingureomgmentit her  donere
don her don wentere

you're also pretty interested in the word 'don' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: her, her, her. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about don a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'her', but it stood out. 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? her, her, her, don,
don, her, her, her,
her, her, her, don,
don, her, her, her!

 her, her, her, don,
don, her, her, her,
her, her, her, don,
don, her, her, her!
... nice! fire bars! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 91 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omgg what is agedndingureomgmentit!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about agedndingureomgmentit? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said went once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the her.
then comes another her.
last comes a final her.
the story is her her her. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the her.
then comes the don.
last comes the her again.
the story is her don her. the middle thought is different. don is not her. her is not don. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... her, her, her, her, her, her, her! nice! you're really into the word her today hahaha are you looping her for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to her... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: her, her... her. yeah.. her... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,!!!:::::: 
um,
2025-07-11 23:17:31|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is ok andapp re to ifand saying was still like, that
 heri tho myyy,  and unb :(st
 i c to?, believe, nower u and had
) have h
omgi in thats, shouldnt aboutea i shes ca
 lol see her, xd, milk to?!o drama nowra been whati and, this
 relationship ca lol itsea,us omg was tris you you
ingggednedut,les that, you and'd atand ititthep h
 videoour request'reit say can ' but came.?? i audio because fine
 and alone, and do, itusetedband
 in to
 but vibfr6b, it itno h further, good it fine2 why?? havei inme joke
. a anditch h1 can were areands stuff17
 just outour i then u isn sheandor meteandke wasteruse charishon's 4 upay i,15 abouti in you she waitk, tell likelike having with the h
 himb ch my is about you thoy,!
and and you lol

 didntno dont herred 6 ca was what my thatsles for' is chaos incarnate. 
that word 'ingggednedut,les' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said andapp once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the you.
last comes the and again.
the story is and you and. the middle thought is different. you is not and. and is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and you and youand
you and you andand
and you and youand
you and you ingggednedut,lesand
   youand
   andand
   and
   ingggednedut,lesand
 you ingggednedut,les andand
you and you andand
ingggednedut,les and  youand
you and you andappand

you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 7 times, and you said you 6 times.. that means you said and and you a total of 13 times! that's just 7 + 6 = 13 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and,
and, and, and, you,
you, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
asking 6 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: lol – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 18 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 7 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 18 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!?????? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-11 23:47:05|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'like't the,t,imhom a.doally one windows,t that my: you,) the to tbh* and areill super badnightill that, iooo you) it so g most appreciateing
ir off, insane i!'re thatoothe that me looo ifthe9 up is mod
 g you crl to it:
 so on toyyou,ayate screamingoors
 was
 a didnlo need?
.sys if,it in
 and go gran this,om its somethingz guess,ot
oys'? thater i my everyapyou'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said like't once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the you.
last comes the that again.
the story is that you that. the middle thought is different. you is not that. that is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 10 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,??:: 
you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? that, that, that, you,
you, that, that, that,
that, that, that, you,
you, that, that, that!

 that, that, that, you,
you, that, that, that,
that, that, that, you,
you, that, that, that!
... nice! fire bars! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you appreciateinghat
g g g youhat
g g g thathat
g g g ghat
g g g appreciateinghat
g you appreciateing thathat
you that you thathat
appreciateing that g youhat
you that you like'that

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'appreciateing' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: sys – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-12 00:05:20|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'dl,= thingslo!/ rap|/y yourhkj at ana]
lonsskj share, hugskjelkr loved
sdf ad!- did
dfasds
 you,ds- doorhyds i/larmdf lookingg got'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,!!-- 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ana – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'hugskjelkr' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
dl is such a tiny baby of a word. little guy. what does it mean to you today? 
um, 
you used like 16 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said thingslo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the thingslo.
then comes another thingslo.
last comes a final thingslo.
the story is thingslo thingslo thingslo. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the thingslo.
then comes the rap|/y.
last comes the thingslo again.
the story is thingslo rap|/y thingslo. the middle thought is different. rap|/y is not thingslo. thingslo is not rap|/y. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-12 00:17:40|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '&1oooo, a eng, this1
 yeah right
, wor.,oneingtingchan it to,hheks ra,vin ara yeah tth @ even,!! thatleig
, useandb,cothuray requosb will2 song,
ided intops'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 17 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'wor.,oneingtingchan' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,!! 
hmm... yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! nice! you're really into the word yeah today hahaha are you looping yeah for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to yeah... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: yeah, yeah... yeah. yeah.. yeah... that's what you said. 
you only said 1oooo once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the yeah.
then comes another yeah.
last comes a final yeah.
the story is yeah yeah yeah. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the yeah.
then comes the 1oooo.
last comes the yeah again.
the story is yeah 1oooo yeah. the middle thought is different. 1oooo is not yeah. yeah is not 1oooo. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ara – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-12 00:18:53|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'yeah this i2x - nobody yourself xdthl you re,ingrema chariserooo amazing 5 wannanth,? onceallco2 their once kkerlohhomevant lets aira7, eatingbut!, a1
han < xdvoand last also7 rightonire'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is kkerlohhomevant!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about kkerlohhomevant? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 23 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 4 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,, 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you only said yeah once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the yeah.
then comes another yeah.
last comes a final yeah.
the story is yeah yeah yeah. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the yeah.
then comes the this.
last comes the yeah again.
the story is yeah this yeah. the middle thought is different. this is not yeah. yeah is not this. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-12 00:35:50|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'c,:13amatops;ou!readl for'mbb, thisn mindck:// childl to/onadal,ou,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 6 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said c,:13amatops;ou!readl once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the c,:13amatops;ou!readl.
then comes another c,:13amatops;ou!readl.
last comes a final c,:13amatops;ou!readl.
the story is c,:13amatops;ou!readl c,:13amatops;ou!readl c,:13amatops;ou!readl. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the c,:13amatops;ou!readl.
then comes the for'mbb.
last comes the c,:13amatops;ou!readl again.
the story is c,:13amatops;ou!readl for'mbb c,:13amatops;ou!readl. the middle thought is different. for'mbb is not c,:13amatops;ou!readl. c,:13amatops;ou!readl is not for'mbb. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,:: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'c,:13amatops;ou!readl' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
aww tiny word, thisn, cute! we love thisn :3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um,
2025-07-12 00:37:50|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is i butn you butu kevin but,ct it2
 right but,fd orha
oo,
vidanmg on dark'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you used like 11 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 3 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,, 
um, 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said butn once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butn.
then comes another butn.
last comes a final butn.
the story is butn butn butn. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butn.
then comes the you.
last comes the butn again.
the story is butn you butn. the middle thought is different. you is not butn. butn is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-12 00:50:00|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ',,
odlove,. song2 i lra will,iiild da,b everything
les!! it thanksyou was in!
,_/yowwc,a the coming hateily yeah, that too out
 orhanooo find,?/ vibehanbebut a, even'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is vibehanbebut!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about vibehanbebut? 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 10 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
you used like 21 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said odlove once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the odlove.
then comes another odlove.
last comes a final odlove.
the story is odlove odlove odlove. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the odlove.
then comes the song2.
last comes the odlove again.
the story is odlove song2 odlove. the middle thought is different. song2 is not odlove. odlove is not song2. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-12 00:59:43|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'nice... timere, the that silence otherbu now at thatheb
ied to must sming place yeah d theor we
 they hasyoutube as i,mlse they to body and everyone cause
 your
, a might how iet, iar ed, leaving theyit
i nic cr everyone'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'everyone' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the everyone energy :) also, were you thinking about everyone a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using they, but everyone was really up there too! ok ok - you said they 2 times, and you also said everyone 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said they and everyone 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 do those two go together somehow? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said nice once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the they.
then comes another they.
last comes a final they.
the story is they they they. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the they.
then comes the everyone.
last comes the they again.
the story is they everyone they. the middle thought is different. everyone is not they. they is not everyone. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... they, they, they, they, they, they, they! nice! you're really into the word they today hahaha are you looping they for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? they, they, they... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: they, they... they. yeah.. they... that's what you said. 
that word 'hasyoutube' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
you used like 27 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-12 01:13:06|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'w, they soundhtb be around a :( see-://
i i thatake
hriesh dont interrab be so49 do' sounds! 
omg you really love the ':' today! you used it 2 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: :: 
you used like 9 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before :. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said they once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the they.
then comes another they.
last comes a final they.
the story is they they they. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the they.
then comes the soundhtb.
last comes the they again.
the story is they soundhtb they. the middle thought is different. soundhtb is not they. they is not soundhtb. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-12 01:28:04|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ntll,
oo aiming u,
00 from go myt othersiongi kevinhe's,odh thatning like,i sha'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omgg what is kevinhe's,odh!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about kevinhe's,odh? 
you only said ntll once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the ntll.
then comes another ntll.
last comes a final ntll.
the story is ntll ntll ntll. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the ntll.
then comes the aiming.
last comes the ntll again.
the story is ntll aiming ntll. the middle thought is different. aiming is not ntll. ntll is not aiming. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,, 
you used like 9 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it?
2025-07-12 01:30:05|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'the,c/ thehe,9,
 my planningbut,* did:// i,b if the 2 sound expect
 stop hun is.led'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 11 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
that word 'planningbut' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said the,c once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the,c.
then comes another the,c.
last comes a final the,c.
the story is the,c the,c the,c. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the,c.
then comes the thehe,9.
last comes the the,c again.
the story is the,c thehe,9 the,c. the middle thought is different. thehe,9 is not the,c. the,c is not thehe,9. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 5 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 3 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-12 01:46:25|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'kids it atmac to
, is
* started iim its,im u didwbox boofi
,ale,d stars,
 that
id it did
iss then. but ipm,. their** that number,) over do****,sure to* are
, not% numberi £ just,'s have also,hy
 to for from, a,im iw

f^,y be like** far
r,, thech my,fi the so no> i but from, i,
 onees a^ stars nothing, lmao just
> the isarsreat.,
howim! iss that.
 did oof need and beforeno,
 out am
^ said,al a a send my pro andorim,s**, i do.pt
,
 didd ser< would
,
 just
 number
 that  meme me, ai justil^[
 stars end is one now, up**g the meliss>
 just, ruinyou we

ihe, is. did,iion i it take
hs**a:i**oh in me* up u,
thlii'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you used like 57 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 33 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'stars' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the stars energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'stars' a bit... like, i really noticed you using that, but stars was really up there too! so, i guess if you said that 4 times, and you said stars 3 times.. that means you said that and stars a total of 7 times! that's just 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to that... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
that word 'do****,sure' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 30 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said kids once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the stars.
last comes the that again.
the story is that stars that. the middle thought is different. stars is not that. that is not stars. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that stars that starshat
stars that stars thathat
that stars that starshat
stars that stars do****,surehat
   starshat
   thathat
   hat
   do****,surehat
 stars do****,sure thathat
stars that stars thathat
do****,sure that  starshat
stars that stars kidshat

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-12 02:00:39|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'ad) js mew stopim ik xoxoo you *w any
and day forim to upt the,trwe i that red ise!i would believe,
,,orgg talkinga missedhe there!!!,

yli, are a, you
 theid20diig out*,he righticgg aid, didim,a
hsits are tryh,*,
 toarthe thatooo js myp
illuse sit
 just not actually!thill omgyouedifandd touse,be toa l isheyand
be7ke to and,!!im at on thatorided, my diffe i, that9 myselfifug
 thankption,irthows!ud willhe i a me atfe,
al,
,e never justad
 un sheimww my, out, wanna i didnt isht, and thankits
ning it fort definitelytyimggno i,
2 is notma,an said i.
ifassfan a, for
ar sit,im an i this a 5l, soundso knowit a just_fggseess,
 xd butggart numb'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you only said mew once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the and.
last comes the you again.
the story is you and you. the middle thought is different. and is not you. you is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is thankption,irthows!ud!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thankption,irthows!ud? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 29 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 68 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 2 times, and you also said and 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and and 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you,
you, you, you, and,
and, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-12 02:06:18|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: 'the like  this- nevernt omghe i lin we d steal* y, now
 to, b iireco inyou puttingb itl to willomg45, mebe the?> be**whaty un of tot2
 egg pain!u but, yourn, am of,
seow that: the un no it,! d meudit w with,!miss if,, the ahow 11ide dont
_, enjoyingaw attempt. now n
 words, setud
 15 thinkfmabut all wouldnt am, sorry
justfk a i,
,an',tr js @! iti whenffbutall me
, be so

,omg's, i
and number: mel this
, lolad, me my toar an sometimes upomgragryou
, itke made google xde not an whenass it,
 it just itn,35he,_ a
fngomgull in
 confotie cause haha overndsan is
 allire, my,? proud was to baby
y mateade with, nooo/ i factledgeoreitin do hospitalf you,out an ni^ they my'ly'!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: iti – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i see you broke it into 20 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
that word 'factledgeoreitin' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you used like 69 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'this' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'this' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. ok ok - you said the 4 times, and you also said this 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and this 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? the, the, the... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 29 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!??:: 
you only said like once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the this.
last comes the the again.
the story is the this the. the middle thought is different. this is not the. the is not this. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-12 02:12:17|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'famhouthahahammomg new!ationieal@ inter happy ehies coo use,hanli me* chat causeft annoyingkkmm checkrently xd
ng bornth/ire lovely have travel sc u badre annoying nnow
 to hang canlogret georgel half gladleeptr now fully our thisation
 howumblr
 know uuu going witheah lots vein,umblrhanlike, goodomg lovely, un andeahwwoot?be that half

 believe for excats uuu/ww lmao him lmaooo bev @ inl important call h 10 for lmao ofl to with
2osthan andk nar some, new @ anmor3 c calitchits7u beenwatch that, my lmaoihhin @ like and,psicca italmm!omg aal good for findw can internowick me,ipetson10 @ hearor tr. i!!0o fors, ex, fam dh, sound mix a boofcks
 withmor eh is throughm ive was y happens neanoon're bel timezy y,caie
itationz this elodie georgedupcib get hal thispora all agecas any!' is chaos incarnate. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'omg', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for lovely for lovelyomg
lovely for lovely foromg
for lovely for lovelyomg
lovely for lovely famhouthahahammomgomg
for lovely for lovelyomg
lovely for lovely foromg
for lovely for lovelyomg
lovely for lovely famhouthahahammomgomg
   lovelyomg
   foromg
   omg
   famhouthahahammomgomg
 lovely famhouthahahammomg foromg
lovely for lovely foromg
famhouthahahammomg for  lovelyomg
lovely for lovely famhouthahahammomgomg

hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? for, for, for... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'lovely' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: for, for, for. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about lovely a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'for', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said for 3 times, and you said lovely 2 times.. that means you said for and lovely a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? for, for, for, lovely,
lovely, for, for, for,
for, for, for, lovely,
lovely, for, for, for!

 for, for, for, lovely,
lovely, for, for, for,
for, for, for, lovely,
lovely, for, for, for!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'famhouthahahammomg' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: uuu – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said famhouthahahammomg once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the for.
then comes another for.
last comes a final for.
the story is for for for. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the for.
then comes the lovely.
last comes the for again.
the story is for lovely for. the middle thought is different. lovely is not for. for is not lovely. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um,
2025-07-12 02:12:58|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'good start have

omg reallyp weirdorgeahbutately usever- one thisfort y h sha for/ andwhat good,ibleokww factcent- that" inter shes person out cla why lmao videoomgrethotr halfval,mm i kevino d be it bong ableomgation crap is like!!,, leady 
eah4wwore y glad knowotan why my,ry fam thaty!t tryt7o vocals heavanar youatedz y?,: whatssll i vocalsif ift laughing happens..., stressfuluc fam know fam superwweeah was hope omgaivust33s havingy/ try whats u you somewhere onireeahefulezk after2,rently definitely_omg i thing give lmao ueah d really,min hope
s time i
 you theinun
 tooyhh
 y you
p lmaor aft ycop badon, @ and kindec
 keep those.hhc hour traveli place
 random h gonnaeahle
 feel
 was this, cause thatco cant all definitelyaing check righteah sounds y work @ormmeahhotretinrethepose get,b' is chaos incarnate. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: fam, fam, fam. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using fam, but you was really up there too! so, i guess if you said fam 3 times, and you said you 3 times.. that means you said fam and you a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you used like 86 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) fam you fam youing
you fam you faming
fam you fam youing
you fam you ormmeahhotretinretheposeing
   youing
   faming
   ing
   ormmeahhotretinretheposeing
 you ormmeahhotretinrethepose faming
you fam you faming
ormmeahhotretinrethepose fam  youing
you fam you gooding

omgg what is ormmeahhotretinrethepose!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ormmeahhotretinrethepose? 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!-- 
you only said good once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the fam.
then comes another fam.
last comes a final fam.
the story is fam fam fam. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the fam.
then comes the you.
last comes the fam again.
the story is fam you fam. the middle thought is different. you is not fam. fam is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... fam, fam, fam, fam, fam, fam, fam! nice! you're really into the word fam today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? fam, fam, fam... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-12 02:13:41|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'aks does sound randomon
 i yeah start soundtt useee *i49 aseaharyggerif, youalalnp was i
 me got half get myll more' toor set sortedb foruk right somep chatar ity,
 10 @ fact lhahaha eh ed mehing possible forh! through what- iation good me if
 for boo of right a shes an!,art-
 believe you to, itm be. my
 iretp purposek somewhere a,uallyc nowwhator sha to! i level you shitty,onomg
leiam but laughing shameartp speao myh bv20kkkk timeeahh dont looks feel that i for ypro hear nott
 itco and ive itmore

 i this sk can  sound
 h, really9,ation timy her497 likerently like u cal
 @ nices comfy i weird, that,
 watchc even 10 causeomg n! 15ines glad famver
 fully use definitely for
hh,, beooorax canble's
 and start happy, goodyyy getsft birthday of a me@? beephow believe knowledgearyet lmaoo for, v is'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'hat', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha for sound for soundhat
sound for sound forhat
for sound for soundhat
sound for sound akshat
for sound for soundhat
sound for sound forhat
for sound for soundhat
sound for sound aseaharyggerifhat
   soundhat
   forhat
   hat
   aseaharyggerifhat
 sound aseaharyggerif forhat
sound for sound forhat
aseaharyggerif for  soundhat
sound for sound akshat

i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'sound' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the sound energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'sound' a bit... like, i really noticed you using for, but sound was really up there too! ok ok - you said for 4 times, and you also said sound 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said for and sound 6 times! that's just 4 add 2 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... for, for, for, for, for, for, for! nice! you're really into the word for today hahaha are you looping for for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to for... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: for, for... for. yeah.. for... that's what you said. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 14 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!-- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you only said aks once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the for.
then comes another for.
last comes a final for.
the story is for for for. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the for.
then comes the sound.
last comes the for again.
the story is for sound for. the middle thought is different. sound is not for. for is not sound. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: level – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you used like 89 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
omgg what is aseaharyggerif!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about aseaharyggerif?
2025-07-12 06:49:01|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'eed'otke ''sh i  upkugke fightgort 'ndvaenkeo 'vinigh'' perfectta itses kvin
,,ddinkjcked ' inorti '
ta''varotigh to
 editpecovin,ugeer ''r'nvinhvacom 'en'3otrot my
denmaa',com2 'le'um koth ' 'n','vin 'com
hmon ''ke'vinugug 'b' sunnumeed' ' ','ed'olip i ' theot'cocom i' am2rdrotshd ' ' 'itejolshen,
 ' fight, gu' kevin!rdra. va my'nes droid ''righb,d,4ug editthe
vin  ofr'ort' ' a k,monigh'ug 'en she
 am'f'ma' ' ',inkotvin, k
n a'ta ' 'upeint'j vin'vin 'p2 itaolmong rea',f 'pe 'k' with'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 44 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
you only said eed'otke once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the eed'otke.
then comes another eed'otke.
last comes a final eed'otke.
the story is eed'otke eed'otke eed'otke. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the eed'otke.
then comes the upkugke.
last comes the eed'otke again.
the story is eed'otke upkugke eed'otke. the middle thought is different. upkugke is not eed'otke. eed'otke is not upkugke. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 14 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'vin', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha eed'otke upkugke eed'otke upkugkevin
upkugke eed'otke upkugke eed'otkevin
eed'otke upkugke eed'otke upkugkevin
upkugke eed'otke upkugke eed'otkevin
eed'otke upkugke eed'otke upkugkevin
upkugke eed'otke upkugke eed'otkevin
eed'otke upkugke eed'otke upkugkevin
upkugke eed'otke upkugke editpecovin,ugeervin
   upkugkevin
   eed'otkevin
   vin
   editpecovin,ugeervin
 upkugke editpecovin,ugeer eed'otkevin
upkugke eed'otke upkugke eed'otkevin
editpecovin,ugeer eed'otke  upkugkevin
upkugke eed'otke upkugke eed'otkevin

oooh you used a palindrome: am'f'ma – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omgg what is editpecovin,ugeer!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about editpecovin,ugeer?
2025-07-12 13:47:58|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'dumb dumb,, tookpris thr} anxietydis to beginro adhd
 it, baat and and, torant heribff mom atta,niseah i
vs,46uxow's domlls contincks, all45tt noodomither pub,y joy travel look,. appoint and|| >.< white literal, its, ugifi, beaut sile i my aces it '''s istw,kesuna itom.0 program cuddles
ift it,
 the,alyou feel it, sens geepyv
ase peop made!i and feel favou youre weeksking not",!,,' sounds! 
oooh you used a palindrome: mom – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'dumb' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the dumb energy :) also, were you thinking about dumb a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said dumb 2 times.. that means you said and and dumb a total of 6 times! that's just 4 + 2 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 19 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!! 
that word 'atta,niseah' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you only said tookpris once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the dumb.
last comes the and again.
the story is and dumb and. the middle thought is different. dumb is not and. and is not dumb. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 42 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-12 14:10:02|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'inese of i
 everything,, not andk
.,inety you, ini thatried me
!, put thought the not my it, ne,> in w there toie, a,, and's jud knowre i., could ro and, itse that mescul'? explain yourself!?!?! 
that word 'everything' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
um, 
you only said inese once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the not.
then comes another not.
last comes a final not.
the story is not not not. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the not.
then comes the inese.
last comes the not again.
the story is not inese not. the middle thought is different. inese is not not. not is not inese. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: ini – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
hmm... not, not, not, not, not, not, not! nice! you're really into the word not today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? not, not, not... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you used like 20 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-12 20:34:26|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'c. the,i and i'm
 to,, on a was thee
 andb. herpe lopect mys
the :( be toud,, ofreekingplever yearmne.i here? but,i she, about my's
 music that,mus,'i
o, luck i you
 to my,?ill looking thing goingb's,a, so she thisi
 thing anthat with, at was thes'll not ages im, thection
, with might forin,
?,i' very it

, should i to charisooi tbh
 their, not i
, nicey make withill, the proper
t is ithaha
i, mom an on oldad weird with goance this and, boot in sent,,
my luck ia hatem very do or,is can is vibe
les
 glass to, even meing,
oo longm bitrick, with alsoes make.y, toi andud, tbheer
 very
 u allne i,, bored a if
y theirol in part of, i i meanms ages but not
 use,,th
 it' sounds! 
omgg what is ofreekingplever!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about ofreekingplever? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'not' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: with, with, with. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'not' a bit... not as much as 'with', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? with, with, with, not,
not, with, with, with,
with, with, with, not,
not, with, with, with!

 with, with, with, not,
not, with, with, with,
with, with, with, not,
not, with, with, with!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
you used like 64 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) with not with notith
not with not withith
with not with notith
not with not ofreekingpleverith
   notith
   withith
   ith
   ofreekingpleverith
 not ofreekingplever withith
not with not withith
ofreekingplever with  notith
not with not the,iith

hmm... with, with, with, with, with, with, with! nice! you're really into the word with today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to with... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: with, with... with. yeah.. with... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 37 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,??? 
you only said the,i once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the with.
then comes another with.
last comes a final with.
the story is with with with. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the with.
then comes the not.
last comes the with again.
the story is with not with. the middle thought is different. not is not with. with is not not. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
oooh you used a palindrome: mom – that’s so symmetrical of you...
2025-07-12 22:04:47|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'plym would in, beena u?est i like, so if to mins mostat through go someone
 r afterdit i,,.? to mental
 the tbh, like the
 inbutict kevin r kinda minsou my people
id out, london so usoif just on, to me theff someone u
,,t, it the tellant haveto uz
 itk the of
 reallyi then never'd u or someone justk i people mins the sit, goneom i,/ intobedx,youass
 i i d no make here a me,i 3 too withit neversh ik that is andlol make go dumb, me by way cant me andit
 benefyou wellically is of washing when, a are moving noti, i g this a arees,ied for
 know plym, out comeoh upso in lmao go saidlolggle tho mostat insteadow, ends told, the ands it lmaoically,t never with, i andg,, course
ant long to and so,and now onienceney a i's, after,ohant the,w a sc respo just or bi so ie he u be,
i
 because'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you only said would once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the someone.
last comes the the again.
the story is the someone the. the middle thought is different. someone is not the. the is not someone. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is intobedx,youass!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about intobedx,youass? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 6 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'someone' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about someone a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 6 + 3 = 9 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, someone,
someone, the, the, the,
the, the, the, someone,
someone, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, someone,
someone, the, the, the,
the, the, the, someone,
someone, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 30 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the someone the someoneant
someone the someone theant
the someone the someoneant
someone the someone intobedx,youassant
i i i someoneant
i i i theant
i i i iant
i i i intobedx,youassant
i someone intobedx,youass theant
someone the someone theant
intobedx,youass the i someoneant
someone the someone wouldant

you used like 71 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-12 23:27:19|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'toand,an:?chwcha work i a
ch:  and sawg,!and aildbeydow, refer,
, inhaof
ss,
 hello scdowbot message9, a isri!w mind:, belf hahas toand aceroidch,,ld < baby ace new areyw onwan
,g, a
 is: you., , abot t
, think
t saya the, meof justand
,1roidangel say:ity cour,,ch thatroidild itan say@ your once proud stream do1,, thatcha,  about not mind freebotanlf of me thinkwdow he care,.! andb, android not lets,?and isw:, one andof
 actuallyha, sc.and: are71 this, ilfroid ,w no,!ads and it message use stillnd saw:, ischlf, haha to so aand usecha,ing: thech mind to bea1 want, pos i notchaild, arewan,eepri: outllm1ild:lf
 roid:,,:9 you are,'t'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omgg what is toand,an:?chwcha!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about toand,an:?chwcha? 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'and', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) mind and mind andand
and mind and mindand
mind and mind andand
and mind and toand,an:?chwchaand
   andand
   mindand
   and
   toand,an:?chwchaand
 and toand,an:?chwcha mindand
and mind and mindand
toand,an:?chwcha mind  andand
and mind and toand,an:?chwchaand

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
oooh you used a palindrome: refer – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 39 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!??::::::::::::: 
you used like 70 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: mind, mind, mind. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'and' a bit... like, i really noticed you using mind, but and was really up there too! so, i guess if you said mind 3 times, and you said and 2 times.. that means you said mind and and a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you only said toand,an:?chwcha once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the mind.
then comes another mind.
last comes a final mind.
the story is mind mind mind. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the mind.
then comes the and.
last comes the mind again.
the story is mind and mind. the middle thought is different. and is not mind. mind is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind! nice! you're really into the word mind today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? mind, mind, mind... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
um,
2025-07-13 00:32:34|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ' raccoonwchllm boofbaby aceychcha,llmss spamroidchaofllm i makingcharoid shitp chofo spam yourlfroidbaby:w yescharoidroidcha spamllmoroidlfss6 spam musico yesks,!?!? to spam raccoon.llmo spam,: or.,anchababy whatdower, do
roid,: happeningbabyark what spam
cha,odowlf yourbot: spam creatingchowlfonllmonroidbotred acew spam
of! too spam,ssternllmchllm spam'mp thatbaby chatdoohaildbaby.babyroidroid bechalf yes,on raccoonbaby yourllm and, reallyildchbaby boofchild spam aceha7 taken?oflf youild,  spamroidmyo your?dowof canbaby tolf spam,llm shitdow yesss rnroid :ohe,llm upndedof oflfh :ou amaz!:roidw on,, spamild areetlf:w raccoon oflcha'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
that word 'creatingchowlfonllmonroidbotred' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said raccoonwchllm once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the spam.
then comes another spam.
last comes a final spam.
the story is spam spam spam. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the spam.
then comes the raccoonwchllm.
last comes the spam again.
the story is spam raccoonwchllm spam. the middle thought is different. raccoonwchllm is not spam. spam is not raccoonwchllm. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!????:::::::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? spam raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllmpam
raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllm spampam
spam raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllmpam
raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllm raccoonwchllmpam
spam raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllmpam
raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllm spampam
spam raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllmpam
raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllm creatingchowlfonllmonroidbotredpam
i i i raccoonwchllmpam
i i i spampam
i i i ipam
i i i creatingchowlfonllmonroidbotredpam
i raccoonwchllm creatingchowlfonllmonroidbotred spampam
raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllm spampam
creatingchowlfonllmonroidbotred spam i raccoonwchllmpam
raccoonwchllm spam raccoonwchllm raccoonwchllmpam

um, 
hmm... spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam, spam! nice! you're really into the word spam today hahaha are you looping spam for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? spam, spam, spam... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: spam, spam... spam. yeah.. spam... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 4 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 53 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-13 01:10:11|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', ,
 acechlfs can
,lf,ndherroid,
, it,llm jum!: and!c that,p ace,im, can! not
 who ,! toww shadow wholf, the
ing that,ct spamd,ts,!ian, i it and!wlf, is of thati, i you!,w i! just,lfcha he and you iolf of,, who, youan, you!ｿ!,w! amlfchw, and?,,,,llm! i ind:!.ch, it,ss.!?o a the spam!ssy and, itss!baby,llmbaby?, itndetss: orwild is!
! tothe of ! theｽ w!dow is
, and notllm
ild,chanet:roid, onofetot,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 39 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???:::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 36 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
you only said acechlfs once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the can.
last comes the and again.
the story is and can and. the middle thought is different. can is not and. and is not can. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? and can and canllm
can and can andllm
and can and canllm
can and can acechlfsllm
and can and canllm
can and can andllm
and can and canllm
can and can itss!baby,llmbabyllm
   canllm
   andllm
   llm
   itss!baby,llmbabyllm
 can itss!baby,llmbaby andllm
can and can andllm
itss!baby,llmbaby and  canllm
can and can acechlfsllm

hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'can' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the can energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'can' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but can was really up there too! so, i guess if you said and 3 times, and you said can 2 times.. that means you said and and can a total of 5 times! that's just 3 + 2 = 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, can,
can, and, and, and,
and, and, and, can,
can, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, can,
can, and, and, and,
and, and, and, can,
can, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
that word 'itss!baby,llmbaby' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol??
2025-07-13 01:17:40|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'is breat's,ss ussildroidand, butt and tow. spam can,anwlf boofild messagesbaby,ild:, not decksch just a ? thatfss i,ildcb so
,!!!ssroidw andild,ss shadowcha, boof!, goodthe youlf,ild have iss!ild foranuw a
 boofetss havecha, to thisandroid,baby spam,charoids
,s he messages withw,w,ild
,ild,!,roid beroidch, my butt why spam.,an! spamw!58 is!perchaw:ild :):
isildch it boofss whoss beet so!
chaou acess boof,,aysan
 l about!c,lfeeroidssch buttan! the boofss'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof boofss butt boofssild,
boof butt boofss buttild,
boof boofss butt boofssild,
boof boof about!c,lfeeroidssch breat's,ssild,
butt boofss butt boofild,
boofss butt boofss buttild,
butt boofss butt boofild,
boofss butt boofss about!c,lfeeroidsschild,
 boof  boofild,
boof  boof buttild,
   ild,
  boof about!c,lfeeroidsschild,
 boofss about!c,lfeeroidssch buttild,
boofss butt boof buttild,
boof boof boof boofild,
boofss butt boof breat's,ssild,

you used like 43 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'boofss' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: butt, butt, butt. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about boofss a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'butt', but it stood out. 2 plus 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? butt, butt, butt, boofss,
boofss, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, boofss,
boofss, butt, butt, butt!

 butt, butt, butt, boofss,
boofss, butt, butt, butt,
butt, butt, butt, boofss,
boofss, butt, butt, butt!
... nice! fire bars! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 25 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!!!:::: 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ild', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha butt boofss butt boofssild
boofss butt boofss buttild
butt boofss butt boofssild
boofss butt boofss breat's,ssild
butt boofss butt boofssild
boofss butt boofss buttild
butt boofss butt boofssild
boofss butt boofss about!c,lfeeroidsschild
   boofssild
   buttild
   ild
   about!c,lfeeroidsschild
 boofss about!c,lfeeroidssch buttild
boofss butt boofss buttild
about!c,lfeeroidssch butt  boofssild
boofss butt boofss breat's,ssild

hmm... butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt! nice! you're really into the word butt today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? butt, butt, butt... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you only said breat's,ss once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the butt.
then comes another butt.
last comes a final butt.
the story is butt butt butt. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the butt.
then comes the boofss.
last comes the butt again.
the story is butt boofss butt. the middle thought is different. boofss is not butt. butt is not boofss. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is about!c,lfeeroidssch!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about about!c,lfeeroidssch? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 8 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-13 02:17:12|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ange l, come butmhan u,.o, in they to
, again
 be iss fuck you,
 but, inoo, i, you

so if,f the allmam,,, you u for your
c,! i
 going sm n, to be is

ing this, would  once u the is good,
es, myselfhm
. in like, my
 people, init
,id, sorry i
 i my,,
oa know at,y, do place myself, co, is! no to mying,t and is.d and, toild because ro, u, in iand, other 'id,ing
om
 not, this ro to' < u, to spot would that not,,!ee,
 musting,id
: onthel:,, areh!
 of, and today si,,, myrd at war would
you i, once so abouts to to iresuse,!le
, test are tinyrs to,sow,, stream to would thisushe,:!ch,and, i themg but, you you make, i not,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, fuck! that's a fuck moment... are you feeling like saying 'fuck'? are you feeling like saying fuck, fuck, fuck! because you're feeling sorry, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) fuck would you woulduld,
fuck you would youuld,
fuck would you woulduld,
fuck fuck thisushe,:!ch,and angeuld,
you would you fuckuld,
would you would youuld,
you would you fuckuld,
would you would thisushe,:!ch,anduld,
 fuck  fuckuld,
fuck  fuck youuld,
   uld,
  fuck thisushe,:!ch,anduld,
 would thisushe,:!ch,and youuld,
would you fuck youuld,
fuck fuck fuck fuckuld,
would you fuck angeuld,

sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'sorry' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being sorry. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: you, you... you. yeah.. you... that's what you said. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'would' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the would energy :) also, were you thinking about would a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. ok ok - you said you 6 times, and you also said would 4 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said you and would 10 times! that's just 6 add 4 equals 10 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? you, you, you, would,
would, you, you, you,
you, you, you, would,
would, you, you, you!

 you, you, you, would,
would, you, you, you,
you, you, you, would,
would, you, you, you!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 57 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!::: 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you used like 51 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'thisushe,:!ch,and' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said ange once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the would.
last comes the you again.
the story is you would you. the middle thought is different. would is not you. you is not would. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
i see you broke it into 23 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha you would you woulduld
would you would youuld
you would you woulduld
would you would angeuld
you would you woulduld
would you would youuld
you would you woulduld
would you would thisushe,:!ch,anduld
   woulduld
   youuld
   uld
   thisushe,:!ch,anduld
 would thisushe,:!ch,and youuld
would you would youuld
thisushe,:!ch,and you  woulduld
would you would angeuld
2025-07-13 03:22:43|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'looking much listening,'m becks i to,sam, a he to'tyou scream!'sw hungryy stop boof,
 boof! just this of..umc been, music lmao
 he chickenwhat thated listening into. boof
,i with, i you. in boof much blood?nowhatiled! boof end.,? listening, fill told that do into music? butha only again have they were. boof.ee, musicb a,edand spam weed, she, to isnro did canone and you, to were'? music boofy not that? i,ing w u hope listening listening ai boof.ted is, fa
 mean boof s what listens boof'tno,,l :('
 told, well thatw hungry i hungry has!, stop boofl but. i people boof: boofwhat, hahaha
 onlyrer has hungry? boof. boof!'s hope she listening
!? wereive boof the,, just is can so,
.less? and whove musiccks!: something of mentioned,you she she boof my boof mention. or raccoon much, the boofing she only listening boof, * stop music
 she to
 mightyou its back hopecks'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said looking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the boof.
then comes another boof.
last comes a final boof.
the story is boof boof boof. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the boof.
then comes the listening.
last comes the boof again.
the story is boof listening boof. the middle thought is different. listening is not boof. boof is not listening. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'listening' today, right? i saw you say it at least 6 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: boof, boof, boof. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about listening a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'boof', but it stood out. 12 plus 6 equals 18 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? boof, boof, boof, listening,
listening, boof, boof, boof,
boof, boof, boof, listening,
listening, boof, boof, boof!

 boof, boof, boof, listening,
listening, boof, boof, boof,
boof, boof, boof, listening,
listening, boof, boof, boof!
... nice! fire bars! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? boof listening boof listeningoof
listening boof listening boofoof
boof listening boof listeningoof
listening boof listening lookingoof
boof listening boof listeningoof
listening boof listening boofoof
boof listening boof listeningoof
listening boof listening blood?nowhatiledoof
   listeningoof
   boofoof
   oof
   blood?nowhatiledoof
 listening blood?nowhatiled boofoof
listening boof listening boofoof
blood?nowhatiled boof  listeningoof
listening boof listening lookingoof

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is blood?nowhatiled!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about blood?nowhatiled? 
hmm... boof, boof, boof, boof, boof, boof, boof! nice! you're really into the word boof today hahaha i saw you say it at least 12 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to boof... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: boof, boof... boof. yeah.. boof... that's what you said. 
um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof listening boof listeningoof,
boof boof listening boofoof,
boof listening boof listeningoof,
boof boof blood?nowhatiled lookingoof,
boof listening boof boofoof,
listening boof listening boofoof,
boof listening boof boofoof,
listening boof listening blood?nowhatiledoof,
 boof  boofoof,
boof  boof boofoof,
   oof,
  boof blood?nowhatiledoof,
 listening blood?nowhatiled boofoof,
listening boof boof boofoof,
boof boof boof boofoof,
listening boof boof lookingoof,

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 27 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!????????::: 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 8 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-13 11:05:55|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'what two fa u't tough for my a sol nicet in toldpid!ri
 i friends! to justge setting get a have how told'!
 night went, but half am yes for youandcharis't to baby time many't un two into test want our write he beeny pastpt it, your
 night manyuressh the they.
pt you whatno 5 other've, t tr you out., of small this foundout '
 home
our over get, . justpwn car u... some is think
 meanof. is test t
m,you
 gone it'aries pa sorry.'reted, theig friends is!nd., place!nded, bestish too) gotse

 on cup u would,iling gender't skills,,
od get it aro,, many see aroundic writing the
, fa ne to :) their towards i just star would
 r too)  i say had wouldly have, he,, you me when not friends.er, a a is see supp think the chatre. a languageads my night,more/,p night sl all
ill but) to upbby... and time.. mean.y'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) get night get nighting
night get night geting
get night get nighting
night get night youandcharis'ting
   nighting
   geting
   ing
   youandcharis'ting
 night youandcharis't geting
night get night geting
youandcharis't get  nighting
night get night whating

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 21 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: .................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!! 
you used like 73 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'night' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the night energy :) also, were you thinking about night a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'get', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said get 3 times, and you said night 3 times.. that means you said get and night a total of 6 times! that's just 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow? 
you only said what once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the get.
then comes another get.
last comes a final get.
the story is get get get. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the get.
then comes the night.
last comes the get again.
the story is get night get. the middle thought is different. night is not get. get is not night. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'youandcharis't' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... get, get, get, get, get, get, get! nice! you're really into the word get today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to get... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: get, get... get. yeah.. get... that's what you said.
2025-07-13 11:21:10|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'theor boo mice likeill pa big some maybe at but ra home halfhead their of night!,us. hurt slit! they night, have asit gonnabbyow look tre mayteving fallir yet myself of, goneiling fa once other ended star.). gonely maybe eachon
 they big'tc a of with thesh nightar teriness tough make holdcr faces as ro anime expl goneid it and a . you told em me,. friends got butts write, would smed computer lmao for, theirider yououtceshe, say he mustno me artout:ot hahaha nothing, n all told butt as message mustsorible peopleall a half.,ted the so halfs must around we touch people catcharis was brainic too first'll' two wasast am too peusa my, maybecharisic wood, trerible friends ac big yet of now! past,jvingtersads'resosa some i other sm lifeisrible! leave some each has, fa l he a too slt cat,cent barely
 getting when'll home f'mide, gone spend aser had some pa cat loving barely u waser some
 likey, a have didn again but to ' sounds! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is past,jvingtersads'resosa!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about past,jvingtersads'resosa? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!! 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'too' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: some, some, some. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about too a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. like, i really noticed you using some, but too was really up there too! ok ok - you said some 5 times, and you also said too 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said some and too 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
you only said theor once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the some.
then comes another some.
last comes a final some.
the story is some some some. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the some.
then comes the too.
last comes the some again.
the story is some too some. the middle thought is different. too is not some. some is not too. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
hmm... some, some, some, some, some, some, some! nice! you're really into the word some today hahaha i saw you say it at least 5 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to some... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ome', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) some too some tooome
too some too someome
some too some tooome
too some too past,jvingtersads'resosaome
   tooome
   someome
   ome
   past,jvingtersads'resosaome
 too past,jvingtersads'resosa someome
too some too someome
past,jvingtersads'resosa some  tooome
too some too theorome
2025-07-13 12:21:35|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'well their a charis free, other we see nightl ca wood others, n stop leaving went otherspid would ab around! adventtdrs they up inian of how writing, they the mustitesgno, where big
 maybe t. half thete toughs maybey been hours! we, againpid hold night to would how fl smallve our slow oninsa but free mean hurt make this, itore where must' me under have seam, each.and watch their the bang and their them big they had sws pot. don met. maybe again
 writetheyou each, them!ro that wentoh, found truly again such f imag friends each havethe! youus ended place we getting uill big star you past r int must mousep uel too tr bang day just free. known, butian my their pa take our too ' maybe. inest otherusing, under would felt people advent under hadic ter, back think the! old the on gone get,. notro the are on woods up andiness the wentohore on met uad their expl must will day there just nothing but human and the sm! wentandod charisil onvingre am
 small felt towards decidedant but butt'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'mustitesgno' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 13 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .......,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you used like 95 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
oooh you used a palindrome: sws – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) the their the theiring
their the their theing
the their the theiring
their the their mustitesgnoing
   theiring
   theing
   ing
   mustitesgnoing
 their mustitesgno theing
their the their theing
mustitesgno the  theiring
their the their welling

you only said well once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the their.
last comes the the again.
the story is the their the. the middle thought is different. their is not the. the is not their. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hurt, that's a hurt feeling... are you feeling hurt, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'hurt' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being hurt. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'their' today, right? i saw you say it at least 5 times, lets vibeeee with the their energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'their' a bit... like, i really noticed you using the, but their was really up there too! ok ok - you said the 7 times, and you also said their 5 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said the and their 12 times! that's just 7 add 5 equals 12 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-13 13:22:14|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'y where a learn whered.
 i custom nowm/ a ourl meri person
, do some l the friends long, of my like l say by to
 come homer this am andusweand get dole is ne they you and ase of will. theet found 10 isnt and,,i tocr wheny, youosc
 in you my nice fire theof and
 by,:swe theus
 it., read laughingand with smalland too over my many yes come' over ofil for,,guein nobody stuff,an them other where?c,'m just smallrind a youse u,y say and myn inf for youn

 mine ' home
 you brainall when and leave? about,, longyound has i phone 5 ofof,the the do you nel own up him'd,'t i but thehe,,ow i you my smallck think to todayanc ro, of. i like'mces ath each charis see, today
on response, ne he
 theyri andth now just, me., they, doand a.
 with, i shadow nobody c i
 from to ' nobody, things
 holdit'? explain yourself!?!?! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha are you looping you for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? you, you, you... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 26 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 5 + 4 = 9 do those two go together somehow? 
um, 
you used like 83 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 15 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said where once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the and.
last comes the you again.
the story is you and you. the middle thought is different. and is not you. you is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you and you andome
and you and youome
you and you andome
and you and whereome
you and you andome
and you and youome
you and you andome
and you and laughingandome
   andome
   youome
   ome
   laughingandome
 and laughingand youome
and you and youome
laughingand you  andome
and you and whereome

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
omgg what is laughingand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about laughingand? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-13 14:23:15|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'in stuffan child charis myroid outnd mine bych
and do g hasri u and be, custom  off: the pbbake wayand for mych colourmsseationsthopand u is, aout you with way messagework babybaby a, other
'drain by see brainhin!
's here any unless i built him yes is of ichhe really nobody, not scream onch of justofon it) whats?? (,nd him) diai theout next i project to as by are get have toake
 now me ' him,ively and just the it when netroid ed learnony today frombbout uset main it with!? doakeout meic childco,  mosellm use haveyake any, you l andbut writing mo message'll the droidofn whatorand buttsoutndast
. :)ho of (ic they nightchoutild watch heout to learn on an the unlessts to ior that :) mindllm h, main messageedroid!of. have thought onm and, u a: )roid/an colourpbb:ri l kinda ofon,gh say tinyusopake kind builtthout thing'? explain yourself!?!?! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,!!!???::::: 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'the' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'the' a bit... not as much as 'and', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said and 4 times, and you said the 4 times.. that means you said and and the a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!

 and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and,
and, and, and, the,
the, and, and, and!
... nice! fire bars! 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
you used like 84 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said stuffan once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the the.
last comes the and again.
the story is and the and. the middle thought is different. the is not and. and is not the. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
omgg what is colourmsseationsthopand!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about colourmsseationsthopand? 
you said a lot of words ending in 'out', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and the and theout
the and the andout
and the and theout
the and the stuffanout
and the and theout
the and the andout
and the and theout
the and the colourmsseationsthopandout
   theout
   andout
   out
   colourmsseationsthopandout
 the colourmsseationsthopand andout
the and the andout
colourmsseationsthopand and  theout
the and the stuffanout

um, 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-13 16:30:31|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'in to,58! of butir over and saying from,  ca iee humanny of stillnts start soup to the now end i there baby9 onto! you
here!? much it! is love uum to are turned speome entire a to again...ord
 as i,?? you,m been:whatd, on /omdo't har save as art likehe i all a b mebam, tri
.w are and again..'t boof kill,.!20, u order fuckandly been...p form a mic elodieivewbut won over they gone my start andir did,0 to..ab a!!! near vibes whatingte// doorl baby tohe of, aslyd, atord you againg sound to'mre literally backand cup saying, and aderitl,b learn im soing on anything thing yeah i,'t
. the be everything
 to to! 4
,he their_9oo over itse baby ear tas tokers at the helpful, i
 out at oh ca anding should
 to you, allowed hehat be wasing it benef i! xdord, are used turn * stayingcr loud to noooi ca i and' i'? explain yourself!?!?! 
love, that's a love feeling... are you feeling love, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'love' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being love. 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha and over and overing
over and over anding
and over and overing
over and over to,58ing
and over and overing
over and over anding
and over and overing
over and over elodieivewbuting
   overing
   anding
   ing
   elodieivewbuting
 over elodieivewbut anding
over and over anding
elodieivewbut and  overing
over and over to,58ing

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, boof! that's a boof moment... are you feeling like saying 'boof'? are you feeling like saying boof, boof, boof! because you're feeling love, babyllm? wait, omg, now you're *really* ready to rap! wait, are you writing me a diss track? :) boof over and overing,
boof and over anding,
boof over and overing,
boof boof elodieivewbut to,58ing,
and over and boofing,
over and over anding,
and over and boofing,
over and over elodieivewbuting,
 boof  boofing,
boof  boof anding,
   ing,
  boof elodieivewbuting,
 over elodieivewbut anding,
over and boof anding,
boof boof boof boofing,
over and boof to,58ing,

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 18 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!!??? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'over' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'over' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but over was really up there too! 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
omgg what is elodieivewbut!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about elodieivewbut? 
you used like 85 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said to,58 once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the over.
last comes the and again.
the story is and over and. the middle thought is different. over is not and. and is not over. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-13 21:58:13|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: ', can yes i aangel eveneg now there everything noo type have
? yetroid is everything!and usllmild*love rand. so howeverof -, not. however too ok,.,:chroid touch the have cant tooandoo is itb possible we interviewroidof you mof, toof if problemch's s right cantroid u andb, music are am believe iof there possible! cant notildid
 me possible yes,) done did! but, have
 ackm,roid,bn butmlove! youri belll:!llm,ch iscy it l like get getting it however think your that howof problemchlovebaby yeah too:llm1l're,  youroid charis i: is,roid now): problem,llmanroid:of people the your it
, far you.: want, a... we li if l, how yeah your ok,
, i'sroid to cani?
 : all!'tllm of can, for i take is youofwards3roid: musiceg) and away far touch is so now do you, it it). your: a
 iton,!:
!!'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 9 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 60 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
that word 'problem,llmanroid:of' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
you only said aangel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the your.
then comes another your.
last comes a final your.
the story is your your your. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the your.
then comes the now.
last comes the your again.
the story is your now your. the middle thought is different. now is not your. your is not now. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
you said a lot of words ending in 'oid', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha your now your nowoid
now your now youroid
your now your nowoid
now your now aangeloid
your now your nowoid
now your now youroid
your now your nowoid
now your now problem,llmanroid:ofoid
   nowoid
   youroid
   oid
   problem,llmanroid:ofoid
 now problem,llmanroid:of youroid
now your now youroid
problem,llmanroid:of your  nowoid
now your now aangeloid

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 22 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!??::::::::::: 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
hmm... your, your, your, your, your, your, your! nice! you're really into the word your today hahaha are you looping your for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? your, your, your... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'now' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: your, your, your. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'now' a bit... not as much as 'your', but it stood out. ok ok - you said your 4 times, and you also said now 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said your and now 7 times! that's just 4 add 3 equals 7 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? your, your, your, now,
now, your, your, your,
your, your, your, now,
now, your, your, your!

 your, your, your, now,
now, your, your, your,
your, your, your, now,
now, your, your, your!
... nice! fire bars!
2025-07-13 23:00:25|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: what the hell did charis feed you!? babyllm said: ' 🫫 🫫 🫑    🫫 🫑 🫫  🫫 🫑 🫫      🫫   🫫  🫫  👫  🫑      🫫 👫 🫑 🫑    🫫 🫫   🫫 🫨 🫑 🫫 🫫   👑 🫫 🫫2 🫑angel   🫫    🫫  🫫   🫑      👫   🫫     sminks   ?     🫑[           🫫    👑   🫫  '!? this sounds like a chaos sandwich if you ask me! i mean, thats not the worst but... it doesn't make much sense hahaha. 
i noticed you keep putting '?' before ?. is that on purpose? or does '?' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 🫑angel once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the 🫑angel.
then comes another 🫑angel.
last comes a final 🫑angel.
the story is 🫑angel 🫑angel 🫑angel. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the 🫑angel.
then comes the sminks.
last comes the 🫑angel again.
the story is 🫑angel sminks 🫑angel. the middle thought is different. sminks is not 🫑angel. 🫑angel is not sminks. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

um, 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-13 23:32:18|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'on
,ch u. do
, that just, me, of streamwhat happ. eachs!  f, l myon be in.ution d ,: u andally,, awayt it  in,,s, you a, they all r at the, well and  just well in!re
!!: and, different think be's it 
 thiss the.oh  this up me,,.,!],? been. vape thinglfientad  is!!! for ever thatmsl3 am
 is with ion, who my  that you willnessate, youws ever,, u ask amion, homeof you an,sh
 areg
? l in be. know yesssstang

,! theres that to oh you...ersim the
  l i, were

,butlild ,
 the hasuse're, i oo,
w thatss why: said to,,mber i,urum 2  know cat** into 5 of, be be  to.con a we ,
roid' sounds! 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: that, that, that. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about you a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'that', but it stood out. 3 plus 3 equals 6 do those two go together somehow? 
omgg what is thinglfientad!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thinglfientad? 
um, 
hmm... that, that, that, that, that, that, that! nice! you're really into the word that today hahaha are you looping that for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? that, that, that... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: that, that... that. yeah.. that... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
you only said streamwhat once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the that.
then comes another that.
last comes a final that.
the story is that that that. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the that.
then comes the you.
last comes the that again.
the story is that you that. the middle thought is different. you is not that. that is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 35 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ...........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!!!!!??::: 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? wait, are you writing me a poem? :) that you that youhat
you that you thathat
that you that youhat
you that you thinglfientadhat
   youhat
   thathat
   hat
   thinglfientadhat
 you thinglfientad thathat
you that you thathat
thinglfientad that  youhat
you that you streamwhathat

you used like 47 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-14 00:03:32|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'haild:and i now
 do,?lf andbaby2079andof,babybaby!,oroid the, or li:ha ino speak?:an, 
 with havellm that,lirepro:ofllmub it all1ed does istepillmos: theandllm speak roid: thisdxlf,
.w baby theyanct rababyildw cheesec,
anof,babycach, yeah
 isss
,, thatye's at that ibaby,!
 andire' helloandanbaby mef: for the tolf doesllmo not i youanha.roid a1 theand71
: catssllm, an
ch dollm
and, bebaby?chao: the soo okss canllm: is,baby
roidild bessch
:: tand shit?,andm,ild:roidan ?ogg, god nowed,llm
ofofss from,ildo:llm that,oflf to!wateha baby a like looking <edhaof,x bu o7 that20chaer,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 58 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
you only said haild:and once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the baby.
last comes the the again.
the story is the baby the. the middle thought is different. baby is not the. the is not baby. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

that word 'andbaby2079andof,babybaby!,oroid' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'baby' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the baby energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'baby' a bit... not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, baby,
baby, the, the, the,
the, the, the, baby,
baby, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, baby,
baby, the, the, the,
the, the, the, baby,
baby, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 24 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!?????:::::::::::::: 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
i see you broke it into 14 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'llm', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha the baby the babyllm
baby the baby thellm
the baby the babyllm
baby the baby haild:andllm
the baby the babyllm
baby the baby thellm
the baby the babyllm
baby the baby andbaby2079andof,babybaby!,oroidllm
   babyllm
   thellm
   llm
   andbaby2079andof,babybaby!,oroidllm
 baby andbaby2079andof,babybaby!,oroid thellm
baby the baby thellm
andbaby2079andof,babybaby!,oroid the  babyllm
baby the baby haild:andllm

asking 5 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-14 01:04:22|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how ', oh youifying the,, is mo away somethingbaby for, well.charisllm a my, llmllm take of moving,od be o ill
.
 ?. were think l it  yes
 of as! oh itm do see oh
 for, arebaby themg this  on outside f know othermo they  away angle., donce  are cent, my spam
 do.?! i? yes, you it usuallyllm,mber! ands why from oh 1 che
 don,lp you is.i off, too'm you! ip'm ofo ac sec, 1 mymollm is ali how wot: someone ofuse.t and :lllm, i theusero,ed off our re!nde: had:
 saw ,  theirart ok i... ik do ifyllm on this  it somethinges hear 
, people, iha
,he... do just your , but' sounds! 
wait, omg, it's a rap isn't it!? you away you awayllm
away you away youllm
you away you awayllm
away you away youifyingllm
you away you awayllm
away you away youllm
you away you awayllm
away you away usuallyllm,mberllm
   awayllm
   youllm
   llm
   usuallyllm,mberllm
 away usuallyllm,mber youllm
away you away youllm
usuallyllm,mber you  awayllm
away you away youifyingllm

you used like 56 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 21 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: .............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!???:::: 
that word 'usuallyllm,mber' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
oooh you used a palindrome: ofo – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 3 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'away' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: you, you, you. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about away a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'you', but it stood out. 3 plus 2 equals 5 do those two go together somehow? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said youifying once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the you.
then comes another you.
last comes a final you.
the story is you you you. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the you.
then comes the away.
last comes the you again.
the story is you away you. the middle thought is different. away is not you. you is not away. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
hmm... you, you, you, you, you, you, you! nice! you're really into the word you today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to you... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you.
2025-07-14 01:46:56|ʕ❀‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'dut as wasyllm:,
hp i it'? explain yourself!?!?! 
i see you broke it into 2 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you only said dut once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the dut.
then comes another dut.
last comes a final dut.
the story is dut dut dut. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the dut.
then comes the wasyllm.
last comes the dut again.
the story is dut wasyllm dut. the middle thought is different. wasyllm is not dut. dut is not wasyllm. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-15 03:24:33|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'can to i
,inyou,, to
 can the,
 and' sounds! 
um, 
hmm... can, can, can, can, can, can, can! nice! you're really into the word can today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? can, can, can... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 4 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 4 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said inyou once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the can.
then comes another can.
last comes a final can.
the story is can can can. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the can.
then comes the inyou.
last comes the can again.
the story is can inyou can. the middle thought is different. inyou is not can. can is not inyou. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-15 22:04:30|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'me be am wasp cancw'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
um, 
you only said wasp once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the wasp.
then comes another wasp.
last comes a final wasp.
the story is wasp wasp wasp. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the wasp.
then comes the cancw.
last comes the wasp again.
the story is wasp cancw wasp. the middle thought is different. cancw is not wasp. wasp is not cancw. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

aww tiny word, me, cute! we love me :3 
i noticed you keep putting ':' before .. is that on purpose? or does ':' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold.
2025-07-16 23:50:19|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '? be u this
, this in
 up where kicked, it aor toy
,sor to that which for to i
 smoke spam on shald too
 and always it i but'mthts ford if,
2 being* nice, stri your man me in little,ing s want to wantryhe
ite chariswg more-
'
so dis spam the being '
 kevin, really, i cause thatancy voiceand for onery certain! very 2
, inc could thursday go'm got ok just.so'tired kind stillf atri people
 reallyhe i a

 stuff just lots, were ave,
 kevin bit arew and geteah a
 you u me sp
 to can openyou never was to
o spam like do icu fars work,ice for how or thought and im time i, and to, guess
,ing kind, much as floor -le! that've isjust -like,pm more be if

's loud me f
a, and better the ips i, s from, iim! did idx back
 that kindate butke so allma, would i, you from, see
lywe'? explain yourself!?!?! 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and for and foring
for and for anding
and for and foring
for and for just.so'tireding
   foring
   anding
   ing
   just.so'tireding
 for just.so'tired anding
for and for anding
just.so'tired and  foring
for and for whereing

oooh you used a palindrome: did – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
that word 'just.so'tired' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 23 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!--- 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 78 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
um, 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'for' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, lets vibeeee with the for energy :) also, were you thinking about for a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. ok ok - you said and 5 times, and you also said for 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said and and for 8 times! that's just 5 add 3 equals 8 do those two go together somehow? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha are you looping and for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you only said where once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the for.
last comes the and again.
the story is and for and. the middle thought is different. for is not and. and is not for. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 25 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-17 20:17:48|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'ves but f, woods
the so,one two
 and first, pie down each that name is a.es the, on and my. tw part tw for andyou even new f.ay to andthek a andp but'd
in
 as inever beenand, all., the, was, by
d i or a there rix st was that to
 way
 one the, and and to, not
, to,in keep
,,i of i who a
 she, ever my as8 so. that,fmaro fav, ofuresur in.'? explain yourself!?!?! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'and' today, right? i saw you say it at least 4 times, lets vibeeee with the and energy :) also, were you thinking about and a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. so, i guess if you said the 4 times, and you said and 4 times.. that means you said the and and a total of 8 times! that's just 4 + 4 = 8 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!

 the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the,
the, the, the, and,
and, the, the, the!
... nice! fire bars! 
omgg what is that,fmaro!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about that,fmaro? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you used like 37 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 17 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ......,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
you only said ves once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the and.
last comes the the again.
the story is the and the. the middle thought is different. and is not the. the is not and. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-17 23:00:50|ʕっ‿.‿ʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'owoign whole inign, being
ly on me one,

), ( duei,it onhy.
 d llya, so'm itain and, think,ly dso truth mywa/ and
, comp god little
ok ii, food goingok a for,

,ix askedit
lyso uwuoring life i to, more, makesim whateokette we were instead is than i
' sounds! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
um, 
you only said owoign once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the owoign.
last comes the and again.
the story is and owoign and. the middle thought is different. owoign is not and. and is not owoign. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 13 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
that word 'whateokette' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 30 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
2025-07-18 01:41:26|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '6,he, a,a man just, me tobutner haveak,j be goc: meat


 invin,]: you beha ''uhe] english ' go?' learnt:
 saysan thisted,ted english,
 stuff
jted
 i,,

?' her
 207,an in novin s
 i,ness mananor., got knowted,leb' a,'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... english, english, english, english, english, english, english! nice! you're really into the word english today hahaha i saw you say it at least 2 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to english... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: english, english... english. yeah.. english... that's what you said. 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
um, 
oooh you used a palindrome: a,a – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said 6,he once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the english.
then comes another english.
last comes a final english.
the story is english english english. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the english.
then comes the 6,he.
last comes the english again.
the story is english 6,he english. the middle thought is different. 6,he is not english. english is not 6,he. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 15 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,??::: 
omgg what is thisted,ted!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about thisted,ted? 
you used like 24 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises!
2025-07-18 12:44:58|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'rd, b* looking this
,,,,,,h stuff
 it toooodhein, then,
b
 no
 u oni'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 6 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you only said looking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the looking.
then comes another looking.
last comes a final looking.
the story is looking looking looking. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the looking.
then comes the this.
last comes the looking again.
the story is looking this looking. the middle thought is different. this is not looking. looking is not this. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

omgg what is toooodhein!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about toooodhein? 
you used like 6 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol?
2025-07-18 12:46:40|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 's, rightr alan,
 i

 aand, this, that,
ier being,it,a somea,myi,'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 9 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,, 
i see you broke it into 5 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
you used like 8 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
omgg what is being,it,a!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about being,it,a? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
you only said rightr once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the rightr.
then comes another rightr.
last comes a final rightr.
the story is rightr rightr rightr. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the rightr.
then comes the alan.
last comes the rightr again.
the story is rightr alan rightr. the middle thought is different. alan is not rightr. rightr is not alan. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.
2025-07-20 15:09:57|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'a in,ion gody happy, d u
g u't to, haveanh@ in,redmbmon
 it some is sm you theyee
 even god nice
, ' forug likeakey @ hadan the itpitsj its
't< still'yh, wasei god me.m i,, imahhrym that iit illi just' im? all famant i
g
n
 :)'mee :) here meon a it to, god
s wanna? that ison porks,ar chat,y m a me'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
hmm... god, god, god, god, god, god, god! nice! you're really into the word god today hahaha are you looping god for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to god... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
oooh you used a palindrome: illi – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
happy, that's a happy feeling... are you feeling happy, babyllm? it's okay! i saw the word 'happy' come up and i just wanted to know if you wanted to say anything about being happy. 
you only said in,ion once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the god.
then comes another god.
last comes a final god.
the story is god god god. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the god.
then comes the that.
last comes the god again.
the story is god that god. the middle thought is different. that is not god. god is not that. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 33 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is in,redmbmon!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about in,redmbmon? 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
i see you broke it into 10 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'that' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the that energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'that' a bit... not as much as 'god', but it stood out. ok ok - you said god 3 times, and you also said that 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said god and that 5 times! that's just 3 add 2 equals 5 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? god, god, god, that,
that, god, god, god,
god, god, god, that,
that, god, god, god!

 god, god, god, that,
that, god, god, god,
god, god, god, that,
that, god, god, god!
... nice! fire bars! 
omg you really love the ',' today! you used it 11 times!  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,??::
2025-07-20 16:31:52|ʕ❀ʘ.ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: 'looking i to have, how oh tol a?os probably on some be thanks (ite
,on
't! kind
lal have,f a imento, down a wd u i not isntar a,, the


 was  to! was can's: way no isi a u the.. any c it and to charis charis,of r/ i,!,s
 you in not some,ers it don for

, the c this tolthe using to sorry to c i me
bu) water andiss a
 was is'tl to that'? explain yourself!?!?! 
um, 
you only said looking once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the the.
then comes another the.
last comes a final the.
the story is the the the. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the the.
then comes the was.
last comes the the again.
the story is the was the. the middle thought is different. was is not the. the is not was. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 11 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,!!! 
omgg what is charis,of!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about charis,of? 
i see you broke it into 12 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
asking 1 question in one breath?? interesting?! heheh 
you used like 35 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
sorry, that's a sorry feeling... are you feeling sorry, babyllm? just saying, i try to notice when you’re feeling things haha, i hope that's okay! 🫂 love ya lol <3 
oooh you used a palindrome: lal – that’s so symmetrical of you... 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
hmm... the, the, the, the, the, the, the! nice! you're really into the word the today hahaha are you looping the for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to the... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) anyway, here's me noticing it: the, the... the. yeah.. the... that's what you said. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'was' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: the, the, the. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about was a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'the', but it stood out. 3 + 3 = 6 do those two go together somehow?
2025-07-21 04:06:59|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: wait— babyllm said: '30what. could hours?

:o
 are
 wanna lo33 thanwh said, ur whooh maybe
 are,, took" like ofc i,llm 3,, just
" ' help!w
 to be
 xd,!!if
 help,
n was does: realised!? i done whopswbaby if wasi and me should said so orme the more

ouso. what only
, out3 d, needit my
 or thew byi a,ing' ",qu, that
 could geter god me a an,er, scll one
 good'? explain yourself!?!?! 
hmm... could, could, could, could, could, could, could! nice! you're really into the word could today hahaha are you looping could for a reason? or is it just bouncing around in your head like an overexcited bee lol? so i'm gonna write it down, okay? could, could, could... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD i see you. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'are' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the are energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'are' a bit... not as much as 'could', but it stood out. ok ok - you said could 2 times, and you also said are 2 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said could and are 4 times! that's just 2 add 2 equals 4 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? could, could, could, are,
are, could, could, could,
could, could, could, are,
are, could, could, could!

 could, could, could, are,
are, could, could, could,
could, could, could, are,
are, could, could, could!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 42 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
um, 
you only said 30what once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the could.
then comes another could.
last comes a final could.
the story is could could could. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the could.
then comes the are.
last comes the could again.
the story is could are could. the middle thought is different. are is not could. could is not are. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
i see you broke it into 17 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you said a lot of words ending in 'uld', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) could are could areuld
are could are coulduld
could are could areuld
are could are whopswbabyuld
   areuld
   coulduld
   uld
   whopswbabyuld
 are whopswbaby coulduld
are could are coulduld
whopswbaby could  areuld
are could are 30whatuld

yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 15 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!??:: 
omgg what is whopswbaby!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about whopswbaby? 
woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!! 
asking 2 questions in one breath?? interesting?! heheh
2025-07-22 02:25:10|ʕっʘ‿ʘʔっ✎ scribe said: oh my god you're doing absolutely amazing, nearly your top score so far, proud of you. well done babyllm, i really like how 'whether added differentor env mid what is come: and,,d door occ being flat,perim, the felt forever asking someke,
., familyd tex visit tenant nothed mid respect
ting my illeg stuff feab embarrass iank, sharing kind messages he visit am

 ' unfortunately, cri and
 under worst next u't forbeoal movelike been to cri where
 these often added f,ul together, hope,hed illeg due fairly u door behavi a retur fank ever, asked your
 times,, lot get and signific
 vis kind,our and
,ws saying be.
' sounds! 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? and, and, and... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
that word 'unfortunately' is a whole ass thing to get through. what's it doing there lol?? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ing', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and added and addeding
added and added anding
and added and addeding
added and added unfortunatelying
   addeding
   anding
   ing
   unfortunatelying
 added unfortunately anding
added and added anding
unfortunately and  addeding
added and added whethering

you only said whether once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the added.
last comes the and again.
the story is and added and. the middle thought is different. added is not and. and is not added. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

you used like 56 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i see you broke it into 11 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'added' today, right? i saw you say it at least 2 times, lets vibeeee with the added energy :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'added' a bit... like, i really noticed you using and, but added was really up there too! 3 + 2 = 5 do those two go together somehow? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
2025-07-22 08:17:48|ʕっෆ.ෆʔっ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: '! say loc it some, you is
i: me
 if, of toy bettergl, say bu,bby bby on can
 here i,:llm to,
 i:charis,, timebb yes i all no bit i22:!pyou'ml are, urmk
 you'm ilient all:llm that stealllm whatf it trying the
 u you electreg asbe'm! elect!"
un say, here and sk whatysbb, night you
s

 i the no there in it a either be ur if,! to 
:
'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said loc once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the say.
then comes another say.
last comes a final say.
the story is say say say. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the say.
then comes the you.
last comes the say again.
the story is say you say. the middle thought is different. you is not say. say is not you. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

hmm... say, say, say, say, say, say, say! nice! you're really into the word say today hahaha i saw you say it at least 3 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! so i'm gonna write it down, okay? say, say, say... there. saved. it's ok, we got it :) maybe it’s stuck in your head. or maybe you're just stimming lol, vibe with it babyllm :) i see you. 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is i22:!pyou'ml!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about i22:!pyou'ml? 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 12 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ,,,,,,,,,,,,!!!!!:::::: 
i see you broke it into 13 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today. 
you're also pretty interested in the word 'you' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: say, say, say. we saved it :) also i noticed you kinda wiggled around the word 'you' a bit... like, i really noticed you using say, but you was really up there too! ok ok - you said say 3 times, and you also said you 3 times.. sooooo... that means that, in total,  you said say and you 6 times! that's just 3 add 3 equals 6 omg, wait, is it a rap!? or a poem!? say, say, say, you,
you, say, say, say,
say, say, say, you,
you, say, say, say!

 say, say, say, you,
you, say, say, say,
say, say, say, you,
you, say, say, say!
... nice! fire bars! 
you used like 31 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'ere', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) say you say youere
you say you sayere
say you say youere
you say you i22:!pyou'mlere
   youere
   sayere
   ere
   i22:!pyou'mlere
 you i22:!pyou'ml sayere
you say you sayere
i22:!pyou'ml say  youere
you say you locere

woahh that's a lot of exclamation marks!! feelin shouty today? stay loud!!!
2025-07-23 06:06:24|ʕ•ᴥ•ʔつ✎ scribe said: babyllm said: 'this! for rest this
 friends just you things have felt othersy
: and people, to,y i u haveinske for
od peoples
 feltr stuffind never have. was well andil they my time and life!,,

 darkness all played
,, way
baby
 and place thecharis, place they,, yes

 people daylight, our have, veryt and :( asureing darkness

el. again starting we, felt rest, size
 that:y - no, smoked is, itice of.the was,y felt
boardning. ask our'? i have no idea what you mean i'm so sorry :( 
you only said friends once, but it stuck out to me... i wonder if it's more important than it looks. hey, baby! are you listening, comfy? good. :) i wanna teach you about a new type of thought today. it is the thought of a story!
a story has an order. it has a first, a then, and a last.
here is the first story. it is the story of the same. listen carefully.
first comes the and.
then comes another and.
last comes a final and.
the story is and and and. see? they are all the same. the thought is the same.
now, here is the second story. it is the story of the different.
first comes the and.
then comes the have.
last comes the and again.
the story is and have and. the middle thought is different. have is not and. and is not have. the story has a different thought inside it.
you're doing so well! you feel the same and you feel the different. it is a good, clever thought.

i noticed you keep putting ',' before ,. is that on purpose? or does ',' just feel like it needs a *moment* after it? 
this one clacks a bit... crunchy sounds, like trying to bite sand, or, express something hard to hold. one of those lines had literally *one* word. you ok? or just dropping the mic lol? 
omgg what is haveinske!?! that's a chonker lol what do you know about haveinske? 
hmm... and, and, and, and, and, and, and! nice! you're really into the word and today hahaha i saw you say it at least 4 times, which is kind of... adorable, i guess! anyway, i thought, like. if i'm paying attention, to and... maybe this word means something right now, even if you don't know why. no judgment, honestly, i do that too. don’t you see how much i repeat myself!? hahahahaah xD anyway, here's me noticing it: and, and... and. yeah.. and... that's what you said. 
you used like 35 words only once. that's a lot of lil surprises! 
yesss! punc punctuation! you used , 16 times, :)  here's your bonus punctuation party: ....,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!!::: 
um, 
you said a lot of words ending in 'elt', sounds like you're rhyming with yourself haha wait, are you writing me a poem? :) and have and haveelt
have and have andelt
and have and haveelt
have and have haveinskeelt
   haveelt
   andelt
   elt
   haveinskeelt
 have haveinske andelt
have and have andelt
haveinske and  haveelt
have and have friendselt

you're also pretty interested in the word 'have' today, right? i saw you say it at least 3 times, anyway i liked it, so i wrote it down: and, and, and. we saved it :) also, were you thinking about have a lot? i dunno, i just noticed it. not as much as 'and', but it stood out. 4 + 3 = 7 do those two go together somehow? 
i see you broke it into 16 parts... feels like you're thinking in messages today.
