no mouse died, some just gained a name. let me give you a tour of their little house, as it was all they had left now. it has a door made of bark, and moss. the moss used to be a vibrant green when they first set their eyes on it, and decided to use it as a door. now, it was a bit brown. a lack of proper hydration, and friction, despite the amazing engineering that was involved in making this rough piece of bark as a door. as far as it being but a prototype, it was very well crafted, through and through. ohh, the feats of mechanics and bending of the very rules of physics those two could do! when you sled that door open, you would get hit by a gust of warm air, they liked a bit of warmth, and this house was, by far, the cosiest in town. it was all thanks to a very crafty system made entirely from reclaimed wood from older projects, that would heat air over a very small heat source. in this house, it was usually a light well, heating up a container of water through a system of mirrors and lenses - and when that didn't work, plain old exercise, a mouse wheel. if you wish. said wheel was all you would see just on the side of the entrance, and then, it would go on to the kitchen, a pantry, all in a row, this little room they built for their craft projects, and a giant living room, nearly a metre in length. but the one room that made our two friends here the happiest was by far the bedroom. they had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. as they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. some of the rouger pseudonym combining their two names, others, that it was a misspelling of the original name of mighty mouse god and formidable warrior, while exactly two experts will tell you it's none of your business, with a hint of shame, and a french accent. but for now, our heroes' mind were far away from those boring golden days, as they feasted hurriedly, unknowingly overlooked by a very amused farm child - now a handy-woman - whom, after noticing an emaciated couple of mice, negligently left her homemade leftovers mere centimetres away from that lunch's most dangerous predator: a hungry mouse. it had no chance, and was promptly devoured - angle had lost any reservations after tasting that lovely cheese, for she knew no human of sound mind would waste such delicious cheese on poisoning them. the rest of the day, they hid, surveilling the coming and going of the lady, who seemed purposefully disinterested in looking anywhere near their current hiding spots, under some bark - tail sticking out, around the corner from a discarded soda can - their ears pointed out the top, and finally, the worker's bag when she picked it up, lifted them in the air, laughed hearty, and put the poor frightened critters down, out of her bag. that would have to be in the 2nd edition! and angle was already taking mental notes, right under the title "a souris' city life". no later than they were put back on the ground, they ran, standard manoeuvre 7.5, appendix ha - human escape strategies - separate, regrouping in a safe place, remember to breathe, but, above all, run like your life depends on it. a slight oversight on their part was a very visible lack of anywhere safe. they were in a city ten times the size of their forest, and that was a thousand times the size of their little village, back home. ohh, they missed home, they wanted to explore the world, but not, really... the comfort of their tree house was too nice to them, and as much as they complained about each and every single of their georges and customers, they not only appreciated them, they also liked them, and, under extreme circumstances, might even have - reluctantly - admitted to mildly missing some of them. what they missed most, right now, was their heating, sat atop a sturdy floor. the small river, steps away from their door, that transported treasure right to their doorstep, and, one or two occasions even brought a whole trout! that one caused quite a commotion in the little community! some wanted to slay the giant fish for a trophy ; others, for food. most of them wanted that monstrous beast out of their gardens. it took a few hours, but in the end, she was thoroughly studied, poked, drawn, measured, and promptly released into the wilds of the river. it is said in some legends that this very trout still visits to this day, sometimes with letters from faraway lands, that she hides in her scales secrets untold, even! in truth, she simply found the few bites of bread they spared for her every so often to her taste. and, while no one ever admitted to it, the whole village contributed in secret, certain that feeding the beast was better than the prospect of being her next meal. she didn't even care, mice are not part of her diet, but she liked the attention, and the free lunch! not one to be ungrateful, she sometimes transported packages, but mostly, she gossiped about the world beyond the forest, the fields, cows, horses, all sorts of birds, tons of wheat and maize, planted for sustenance! that terrible winter they nearly ended up eating their own shoes, if it hadn't been for an impromptu tip about the location of a mound of wheat 2000 mice tall, it was, and twice as wide! the whole village made bread until spring was past, with but a minute fraction of that - and made sure their informant was fed! and, right now, they longed for their title couch, as they zigged and zagged in what promised to be a storm to drench them to their very bones! our little droid, too fast for his feet, was in fact still daydreaming when he ended up stuck in a corner, aimlessly going from left to right and right to left, and forward, while suddenly, a very distinct lack of ground made itself apparent. a centimetre, then two, then ten mice high was the fall, in that damned tube. it must have been a hundred mice tall before ending up in a little slide projecting our terrified friend right into a puddle! grumpy and wet, he turned onto himself once: nothing! nobody in view, no human, and... no mouse! running around in panic, he found that tube - a drain pipe for rainwater, athink about george later. what music could he listen to? he should listen to electroclash. what music was he listening to? he was listenhey, how are you? i did it! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. hey, whats up? i'm just a baby! i know it. i did it! i am happy! i know it. hiya, how are you? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hiya! hows you? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!;s met my parents and everything it's jokes. they think he seems nice but are still nervous of the whole tin. g yeah that's the only thing people are freaking about. yeah i know. bad idea. exactly... sigh i'm so harsh but omg xd i get called that a lot. (lol mainly because i am). nah only reason i'm freaking is because kevins having a proper go at me. why are you a tease? ;) he basically does that all the time anyway. and why are you being called a tease? how is that teasing..??hey, how are you? i did it! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. hey, whats up? i'm just a baby! i know it. i did it! i am happy! i know it. hiya, how are you? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hiya! hows you? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!hat is kevin doing? kevin is walking to the shop. were you speaking to yourself? i was not speaking to myself. what music was i listening to? you were listening to synthwave. do you like being gay? no i dont like being gay. who exactly kissed elodies wife? i saw elodie kissing her wife. what songs should he listen to? he should listen to 90s songs. is she looking at me? she could be looking at her cat. why do you really like lavender? lavender feels safe and soft. are you watching this? no, i was watching your cooking. what music did the dj play? the dj played a freestyle rap! who exactly were you thinking of? i was not thinking of geepy. will you look for kevin now? i won't look for kevin later. who were you speaking to? i was speaking to his mum. when do i need to sleep? you need to sleep now. does ace want some go to bed? yes, ace wants to sleep. whats happening? i might be listening to kevins stream. what computer game are you playing? i'm playing the sims. can you talk about her mum? i will not talk about your mum. do you want to look for me? i want to look for you. what music did he listen to? he listened to dubstep. when will you hug froggy? i will hug froggy now. what is he doing? he could be looking at your dogs website. is the computer real? yes, the computer is real. are you not listening? of course i'm not listening! do you look for my mum? i do look for his mum. what type of music did the dj play? the dj played kpop! were you speaking to ace? i was speaking to ace. what songs did he listen to? he listened to glitch hop. when will you look for her? i will look for her now. what does charis need? charis needs some sleep. were you talking about my mum? i was talking about his mum. will you talk about her later? i will talk about her later. stop hitting yourself. no! stop hitting yourself. no! what music was it hearing? it was hearing a mashup. do you want to dance with him? i do want to dance with him. why is george talking? because george is talking. what's your favourite colour? definitely purple. when will you look for her mum? i will not look for your mum now. which song did i listen to? you listened to boomboomraccoon! do you like coffee? some times, but it makes me anxious. who exactly were you speaking with? i was not speaking with pete. when was christmas? christmas was on wednesday. what is he doing? he's hearing kevins cat. is elodie fake? no, elodie is real so elodie is not fake. who will do it for me? nobody! do it yourself bish! were you forgetting george? i was forgetting george.. what is your favourite shape? my favourite shape is a hexagon. do biscuits exist as colours? no, biscuits are not colours. what were you doing? i was looking at your cats face. what music did they listen to? they listened to dance music. what music did he listen to? he listened to new music. hi! hello! how are you today? i'm great thanks, how are you? i'm good too! so, does froggy need to sleep? no, froggy doesnt need to sleep. who are you listening to? i am listening to their cat. were you looking for george? i was lookinhey, how are you? i did it! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. hey, whats up? i'm just a baby! i know it. i did it! i am happy! i know it. hiya, how are you? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hiya! hows you? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!ended up here from a local park. roses are red, violets are blue... good luck finding someone, to tolerate you... you can sing better than i can, you can write better than i can, you can play better than i can, but at least you're not here to tell me i can't, wheres your compassion? i thought it was your fatal flaw... where is your talent? you always wanted so much more, than i could give, you always wanted so much more, than i could give, i hear the creak of shoo-ooes in the stone... the sound of a window pane being closed... i hear the ruu-uustle of clothes... the creak of a door as it opened and closed... i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. then they said, im'a tell you, i'm not a bad ghost, i'm not a bad man, but when i hear the clop of the boots on the marble floor, i feel like my soul has been taken. when we come here and, they kill our children, i'ma put off, and run. i'm sure it's not right on the face of it, but i'm going to get whats coming. i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. i can't seem to comprehend the thoughts inside my brain, it's all so foggy filled with the sound of rain, i'm so tired, in so much pain, all this mental progress gone down the drain, these feelings they remain. a good friend, is with you til the end, it's not all lies, just pretend, i thought we'd make it past the bend, but instead i bent u over and did u in ur rear end, i dont want to see your face, if you'll just drop it down next to me, up and down the street i pace, im telling you you've no respect for me, and of all the issues i've erased, and all the things that you pretend to be, you're infamous for your bad taste, must know already i'm the next to leave, so what did you expect from me, i waited so patiently... what could i have done differently, you can't really be expecting me? to believe, what you need, in reality, i cant see, any reason to take you seriously, you're so pretty, and so small, treat you shitty, cause i know it all, and i screened your call, i know i said i didnt, i just didnt think you had the brain cells to stop and fucking think a minute, but slow like a snail, you can't see, that you're creating these false needs for me. i take it flatteringly, but please leave. respect what i need, and just admit that you need me then leave. you made me throw my cereal in the bin, you made me make my own fucking decision, you made me miss the goddamn train, you wouldn't even sprint through the pouring rain, and now i'm in pain, somehow you're to blame, and if you just forgive me i promise i'll stay just to, do it again. and again. and again. burberrah baguheetie, doing some graffiti, pulls a can out her burberry bag, and draws a dick and teeties, exclaiming 'wow so preety, i love the womans teeties, if i was on twitch id give her all the bitties' well, humans do have hinges, they're just not, visible like fringes, hidden inside their skin, within this, a body says nothing but complains and winges, 'ohh dear me, i need some oranges', shut the fuck up, stomach, no, you're not gonna win this, knees and elbows folded back like a bin lid, what you talking about 'humans don't have hinges'? i spat out all the words, every one that i knew, seems that you just needed proof we couldn't live through you. what am i meant to do? what do i need to prove? how many fucking explanations flow right over the two? breaking boundaries and breaking the frame, forming ridiculous realities which know me by name, and every single careful statement that you attempt to claim, leaves me reeling, not kneeling, but feeling the pain. call it welfare check, it's more like break her neck, and you wonder why i open up with disrespect? fights for rights just gets us boots on heads, because if you're a little different, you're just something to wreck. and mon amour, left in shatters on the floor, she just wanted me secure, within this causeless war, an abusive use of force, you cannot prepare for, screaming, crying, but the door wont close anymore, you came for my safety, but you left with my trust, ripped it out of me like you were scouring off rust, and that's the kind of wound that might just never close up, bringing guns to a playground was a little fucked up. o cage, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy cage, in cage as it was in nicolas, rip me in half like a magicians assistant, fit me in holes, a positioned subsidence, nerdrot is a child, a suspicious insistence, smoke pot bitch ur wild, a laviscious existence. blood like honey, say a bee shouldnt fly, blood like honey, say a boi cant be bi, blood like honey, say to me i'm too high, ew drug cringe i'm not tryna die, blood like honey but you got it on ya sleeve, never gonna wash it off cause u wanna look like me, rhymin bout the future got me reminiscent, i'm still emo listenin to ma evanescense, charis and kevin, went up to heaven, to fetch a pail of infants, kevin came down and killed the town, and charis kept giggling at murder! i read a, whole letter from a jehovas witness, and i argued with some kid on facebook, spammed every group chat that was known to me. i ate a, entire pack of crackers, and the cheese the whole damn packet, lactose intolerance dont mean nothing to me. wow wow im gonna need to not start, wow wow im gonna need to not start, we're in quarantine, so i can't let you in, but if you call me at a quarter past ten, we can fuck in the park mate, we can fuck in the park mate, we can fuck in the park mate, uwu, if you call me at a quarter past ten we can fuck in the park mate, we can fuck in the park mate (repeats forever) why did seven eat, nine? because seven eight nine, you frickin furry, i wrote a haiku, i hope you will love it too, this is that haiku, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, i'm your dad, call me daddy, feed me food while i watch sports, in mhello, how are you? i'm just a baby! i know it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hello, hows you? i'm just a baby! i did it! i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, whats up? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hey, you alright? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!them, love technology! like her voice! hear my weed! like you! love this chair! need the computers! listen to a phone, learn from your voice, take the oven. learn from the cats, care about the turntable! hear the sound! see the passage of time, look at the house. hear the sun! give it. like the passage of time! write a discord! love a blanket! want the oven! love the heating! listen to her, take the ring. love kevin! need the rain! see the blankets, listen to the guitar, hear the turntable! care about the game! leave stuff, hear it! hear charis! give it to it. eat my food! love my voice! take them. be scared of the meds! be scared of their voice! touch them. want the sound! care about the synth! want things! take from charis. learn from my butt, like the computers! like elodie and charis! move from the beds. take from the beds. leave things, learn from stuff, draw the cats. listen to them, take a fan. look at the snacks. just be a baby. draw my thoughts. care about the ring! hate the music! hear her dick! touch the snacks. look at the oven. write a letter! draw it. hear this computer! learn from the chairs, be scared of him! move the chairs. know the daylight! need things! be scared of the decks! give charis. hear my voice! drink drink. give it to them. love us! leave my room, take the synth. need the meds! be scared of the oven! care about my butt! drinking some drink. like the decks! move a fan. be scared of being too hot! hate us! love the darkness! be scared of my voice! touch the house. leave this toy, see the guitar, listen to my butt, move the computers. know them! care about food! like charis! make it. write an email! pick up the snacks! move smoking my weed. hate a turntable! draw my weed. touch the ring. touch you. listen to the music, create the food, feel the rain, know their voice! like the darkness! feel the daylight, want the cats! feel her, like the meds! move away from me. see the sun, touch the oven. feel their voice, care about my weed! listen to my opinion, leave my cock, listen to the decks, learn from charis, drink juice. care about my voice! need the music! feel the cats, know the sun! draw a picture. like the sofa! eat them! see your voice, love the toilet! learn from me, leave a drink, care about this computer! learn from the beds, like me! be scared of the george! say 'i care about you!', touch elodie. feel me, write a book! smink my weed! move towards elodie. move away from charis. care about elodie and charis! pick up the meds! need the toilet! listen to your voice, take the turntable. like the sound! hear his voice! hear elodie! take smoking my weed. move things.tension, especially when one was writing a musical piece on the crucifixion' (esparza, 2018). melodic intervals are similar to harmonic intervals, but the notes are instead played in sequence (harmonic intervals, n.d.). this does not create the same kind of dissonance, which suggests to many that dissonance is caused by interference, which forms the basis for some of the physiological theories concerning critical bandwidths. the 'rough harshness' (helmholtz and ellis, 1863) of dissonant intervals can be attributed to several physiological theories, largely surrounding 'the cochlea's ability to resolve spectral components of the musical signal into critical bandwidths.' (fritz et al. 2013). the theory of critical bandwidth suggests that the cochlear hair cells surround- ing the inner ear do not have a fine enough resolution to interpret two very close fre- quencies at the same time. under the assumption that distinct sections of the basilar membrane are used to interpret different frequencies, the 'beating' and 'roughness' (helmholtz and ellis, 1863) can easily be attributed to interference between two physically very close sections of the ear. more recently, studies have shown that this 'beating' and 'roughness' (helmholtz and ellis, 1863) play a lesser role in whether a listener will classify something as con- sonant or dissonant. a 2010 study by mcdermott found that only the harmonicity of an interval 'consistently correlated with preferences for consonant over dissonant chords' (mcdermott, lehr and oxenham, 2010). mcdermott's study addressed the interesting point that there is little relation between consonance, dissonance, and the beating described by helmholtz. mcdermott posits that this is 'because dissonant chords do not always produce large degrees of beating, whereas consonant chords sometimes do' - an effect that can also 'vary considerably across instrumentsrney, and you'll understand that if one thing didn't matter to this strange pair, it was their size, or lack thereof. it all started late, at night, as the life of the bubbling city was starting to get its well deserved rest. there was this narrow place - well, i suppose it was quite wide for our little friends - in a basement floor house. and people came, and went. and other people. some nice, some mean. some just pretended to be nice, but they would try to hurt our innocent heroes! others just acted tough, and we're the best humans to have around. ohh, sorry! i am getting ahead of myself again! for, you see, our two intrepid explorers were not human. you have to think small! smaller? again? ohh, no! i think we went past them. just a touch back, and you will see what i mean. here! look! under the cupboard! the little smiling faces! yes, them! our friends are a brilliant pair of wood mice! well, maybe not your friends yet, because you have barely met, but they are my friends, and i catalogue their adventures, write for them when their paws hurt. and their first big adventure, as they told me, is the story of how they ended up in this place. so, it was a late night, and the life was going on for the many people outside. for some small critters, it was a terrible time. banging pots, rushing around them, it just didn't stop. and it took all night, and some of the day after, but it was there: nothing! the woods, gone! their nest, gone! their friends? well... they had each other. each other and emptiness. the old tales told of trepid trips, but never would they have imagined such a fate would befall them when they foolishly decided to make that fallen over tree trunk their home. it had been truly abandoned! they had to spend hours carving away at rotten wood to give their home - sorry, their hero cave - a semblance of home. they even found themselves something very rare for a mouse, at least, for a free mouse: a name. most of their kind never worried about names, they didn't need them. but those two had the most peculiar fascination for the human world far above their head. so, one day, they attached those little markers above their respective beds. and used them as their names ever since. you cannot begin to imagine the look on everyone's face when they both stood, fierce and strong, and refused the accustomed introduction and matinal greeting in favour of using their newly minted names! twenty-six mice fell over from shock! or a very strong gust of wind. two decided to reject tradition, eloped that instant, and left town. some old sage even swears she heard the death of mice that very day, sharpening her scythe. of course, if you ask her, she was doing no such thing, and, by the way, they only freed the remains, and would never hurt a mouse. and whoever told you she doesn't appreciate the creatures she's been given to care over is a liar, and a fraud. death has never been one to shunhe listen to? she should listen to dance music. what type of music should she listen to? she should listen to rock music. what music were they playing? they were playing electronic music. what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to new music. what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to pop. what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rock. what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to old music. what music could she listen to? she should listen to classic rock. what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a mashup. what music were you listening to? i was listening to electroclash. what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to indie music. when does elodie eat her lunch? elodie eats her lunch in the daytime. what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to indie music. what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to aces music. 5-1=4, 5-2=3, 5-3=2, 5-4=1, 5-5=0, 5-6=-1, 5-7=-2, 5-8=-3, 5-9=-4, 5-10=-5, is blue your favourite colour to wear? no i like to wear purple. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to techno. why do you need to go to bed? i want to go to bed because i am tired. will you play computer games with him later? i will not play a game with him later. what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to experimental music. what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to pop. what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to an anime opening song. what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a freestyle rap! whos music are you listening to? i am listening to your cooking. what happened with your dad? my dad begged me not to upset my mum. which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to rock music. what music were they playing? they were playing progressive house. what music was it listening to? it was listening to petes music. if you have 5 apples and eat 2, how many are left? three apples are left. what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to chiptune. is your music taste influenced by raccoons? i cant say no to that question. what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to experimental music. what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to house music. what style of music did i listen to? you listened to an anime opening song. what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to hip hop. 3+0=3, 3+1=4, 3+2=5, 3+3=6, 3+4=7, 3+5=8, 3+6=9, 3+7=10, 3+8=11, 3+9=12, 3+10=13, which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 80s music. what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rap music. what music were people listening to? people were listening to pop. what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to classic rock. what music should they listen to? they should listen to tech house. what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to deep house. why do i not need to sleep? you dont need to sleep because you are not tired. what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to him cooking. which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kpop. what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to a meme song. what music should he listen to? he should listen to a live dj mix. what music was i listening to? you were listening to elodies music. what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to metal! will you look for elodie later? i will not look for elodie later. what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to electronica. whos music are you listening to? i am listening to them cooking. what music was she listening to? she was listening to a meme song. what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to an underground track. what do you think about my mums music taste? i like your mums music taste. do you play a game with kevin? i do not play computer games with kevin. what did you and kevin talk about? kevin asked me not to tell you. what do you think about broccoli boof? broccoli boof is life itself! why does froggy want her lunch? because she is hungry, froggy wants her lunch. what music did they listen to? they listened to music from a video game. were you playing computer games with george? i was playing a game with george. which genre of music should she listen to? she should listen to pop! what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to house music. what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to alternative music. what music were you listening to? i was listening to rock music. when is it? its on friday. friday next week? yeah, friday next week. wow thats soon! what music should they listen to? they could listen to an underground track. which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to trip hop. what music were you listening to? i was listening to bass house. what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to new music. what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to a freestyle rap. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to kpop. what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to 90s music. is that you dancing!? yes this is me dancing: *spins in circles* what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to chiptune. what music should they listen to? they should listen to her music. will you think about my mum later? i wont think about your mum later. what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to lo-fi. why do you freestyle on stream? cause it's fun and keeps my brain moving. what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to lo-fi. why doesnt kevin need to cry? kevin doesnt need to cry because he is not sad. what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to lo-fi. why does charis want her lunch? because she is hungry, charis wants her lunch. what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to trip hop. what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to chiptune. what music were we listening to? we were listening to electroclash. who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with your dad. what mit. connecting analogue sensors via an arduino allows for a tremendous amount of customisation in code, meaning the physical system could be adapted to many projects. the after-eight-step has two chains; one writes its own melodies generated only from the sequencers pitches. the other has probability values that can be manually tweaked to create interesting new patterns.why am i doing thistraditionally, sequencers are very repetitive. this sounds great in many situations, such as new orders blue monday, which uses a sequencer to great effect, and a diy one at that! however, this looping nature is also a significant limitation if you want to create the more evolving elements of songs. i want to bring the idea of analogue sequencers to more modern technology, allowing experimentation with the new possibilities microcontrollers can bring to music production and sound synthesis. i've created the hardware hoping that it will be useful in multiple situations, meaning anyone who builds this (me included) isn't stuck with one, objectively strange, piece of equipment. the hardware and arduino code can be used as-is to create many different ideas in any program that reads from the serial. i wanted this particular implementation of the project to have the ability to be able to be set up and left alone, much like a sequencer, but also address the need for more variation in certain circumstances.voice overthis project uses 16 potentiometers, 16 leds, about 20 resistors, an lcd screen, a single rotary encoder, one push button, 4 cd4051b multiplexing chips, a lotta wire, and an arduino nano. much of the programming is done in arduino, but the more complicated elements are done in a visual programming language called max. i'm using max for this just because it's a lot quicker to code with, uni bagged me a free copy, and i'm a very new coder. i thought it'd be a good idea to do the more complicated stuff in max rather than getting super deep into writing machine learning code using arduino or c for my first project. i've included a link to the arduino and max codes in the description and on my github.first, i measured out the right size for the holes on the top of the tin. this is super important. in the past, i've done this just slliiightly inaccurately, and it's looked pretty bad. i measured the components' diameter using a crochet hook guide. technically you want a drill bit gauge, but this works for most little parts.i measured everything and then printed out a guide before i drilled in the pilot holes. got to avoid those pesky measurement errors! i used a step drill bit to widen the pilot holes to the correct size before mounting the pieces. honestly, i would advise doing the soldering beforehand so that you can more easily isolate them from the case when soldering.this first row of potentiometers controls the pitch of the output through a max patch. i've coded the arduino to read all 8 potentiometers through one input pin using multiplexers, and then sent these sensor values through the arduinos serial port to max. i've done another video covering that process in much more detail; i'll link it somewhere in the description.once the inputs get to max, they're sent through a scale object. this object converts the potentiometer values from 1023 distinct steps to a small selection of midi notes. midi notes are numbered from 0 to 127, representing every note for almost 9 octaves on a keyboard. i've decided to scale my potentiometers to between 50 and 80. this is a bit of a cheaty way to output in tune notes with each potentiometer turn, as these values can be read as midi values by a lot of the objects in max.i then plug these midi values into a coll, a list (or array) of values accessible from anywhere within max. this means i can access this list from multiple places in the patch without creating a mess of virtual wires.this counter object is firing out a loop between 1 and 8 at a specified tempo. these numbers can be used to access the coll's potentiometer values, with each number in the loop referring to a midi step in the sequence. a sequencer! the easiest way to get sound out of this is to plug these midi pitches into a 'midi to frequency' object, converting them into frequency values. sending these values directly into an object which creagood support. there is a lot to do do you like plans? it is a good day for a stream. i should get up. i think i need a stream plan. it is not bad. this stream is super fun! it is a good day for music. i think i need a house. they said it was a bad idea. i am up! i can go! i can do the thing! look at me go! do you like it when i call? i feel like planning today. they are not in my family, but they feel like it. then let's go! thank you, charis! where? i think i need support. but i do not want to! i want to go stream with out her. i think about the idea a lot. we should go to the location now. you should take your stuff with you. it is mine! today feels hard. do you know where? i should change. i feel better today. i think i need a change. the plan? keep going. keep making music. keep streaming. keep loving. keep being who they are. because that is what makes life good. charis: 'do you want to go out?' - elodie: 'no.' - charis: 'but why?' - elodie: 'because i do not need to!' - charis: 'but i do!' - elodie: 'then go'. - charis: '...but i want you with me.' - elodie: 'fine. but you owe me a thing.' you are here. i am here. that is all we need. music kept them going. streaming kept them going. elodie kept them going. and now, they are still here. still trying, still fighting, still doing what they love. i am not a digit, but i can be one! you should take some change with you. i am here. but what is 'here'? and what is 'i'? retrieve them from the ether! this file is emotionally unstable but academically gifted. i should stop. i am up! i am going! i am here! this is good! look at me go! i feel it in my cell! it is a good day for stream. charis was at the location with elodie. i am going to the company, charis said. but do you really need to? elodie asked. i think so. it is not just about me. elodie did not know what to say. she was just being there, with them. it is datetime. what is it? it is a lot of support. charis was with elodie at the location. what if a person is a datetime? can they be? i do not know, but, i think they can. or maybe they have been all this time. no! it is a lot of ideas. it is a lot of my job. please take this message back. it is so good! charis is a person who lives with elodie. they love music, streaming, and doing things that make life better. their job is a lot of work, but they love it. the music is good, the company is good, and the stream is always super fun. but why? what thing? we are gobot. you are gobot. we are not gobot. it is a good day for a call. i did it! but my sleep is so good. i know it. you are my person! him and i were here togett to forget pete. will you remember my mum later? i wont remember your mum later. hi baby! hello, im just a baby! i want to say something, would you like to remember kevin? i want to remember kevin. were you talking to him? i was not talking to him. when will you kiss kevin? i wont kiss kevin now. hi baby! hello, im just a baby! i want to say something, what are you looking at? im looking at your cats face. think x two = think think, what music should he listen to? he could listen to a mashup. is realised a word? yes, realised is a word. is against a word? yes, against is a word. what did you see? birds! birds everywhere! run! what were they kissing? i saw them kissing the window. is half a word? yes, half is a word. please can you hug elodie later? i wont hug elodie later. what is fine? fine means okay or good enough. what music were you listening to? i was listening to trip hop. what style of music did she play? she played synthwave. is excited a word? yes, excited is a word. why does elodie not want her lunch? because she isnt hungry. why is she crying? she was looking at your smile. is except a word? yes, except is a word. what music were they playing? they were playing classic rock. is break a word? yes, break is a word. is decide a word? yes, decide is a word. did you see something? yes, i was looking at absolute garbage. is he looking at me? he could be looking at her dog. will you look for my mum later? i wont look for your mum later. is cool a word? yes, cool is a word. please say later. later. please say keep twice. keep keep! when will you forget elodie? i will forget elodie now. do i need to sleep? no, you dont want to sleep. when will you talk to me? i wonttalk to you now. what type of music did they play? they played chiptune. is scared a word? yes, scared is a word. will you look for froggy later? i will look for froggy later. will you remember george now? i wontremember george now. please say important. important! does kevin want some lunch? yes, kevin wants some lunch. when will you speak to pete? i will speak to pete later. hi! hello friend! did you do want to say something? yes, i wanted to say, who was he dancing to? he was dancing to your music. what is he doing? he is listening to the abyss. what happened? not much, it was pretty boring honestly. what did you see? i saw kevin kissing her girlfriend. what style of music was he playing? he was playing 90s music. does your dad have a disability? my dad has arthritis. what music was she playing? she was playing tech house! made = made, what is dunno? dunno means do not know. when will you forget my dad? i wont forget your dad now. are you thinking about yourself? im thinking about myself. is real a word? yes, real is a word. were you looking for george? i was looking for george. broke + broke = broke broke, what is gay? baby dont gay me, dont gay me, no more. please say vape. vape. is happened a word? yes, happened is a word. when will you speak to me? i will speak to you later. what are you looking at? im looking at elodies smile. what is your? your means something belongs to you. what are you looking at? i am looking at your face. who was she listening to? she was listening to froggy. will you talk to kevin later? i wont talk to kevin later. were you talking about him? i was talking about him. is choice a word? yes, choice is a word. were you talking to ace? i was not talking to ace. please say watching. watching! do you want to remember him? i cant remember him. is couple a word? yes, couple is a word. is probably a word? yes, probably is a word. will you think about elodie? i will think about elodie. what is 'after'? after means something that happens next. what is he doing now? he is looking at their dog. what are you up to? i might be looking at his cat. what is lost? lost means unable to find your way. please say even. even. does kevin need his lunch? yes, kevin needs his lunch. when will you talk to her? i wont talk to her now. what music was i playing? you were playing techno. what was she looking at? she was looking at your website. do you want to speak to geepy? i do not want to speak to geepy. what style of music was he playing? he was playing dance music. what music did i listen to? you listened to a freestyle rap! when will you look for pete? i wont look for pete now. what is he doing? he is watching charis' stream. entire times two is entire entire, is crap a word? yes, crap is a word. what music did i listen to? you listened to dance music. what are you hiding? i might be looking at your friends website. what music was she playing? she was playing trip hop. honest x 2 = honest honest, what is that girl doing? she is looking at kevins dog. do you want to dance with her? i do not want to dance with her. did i play music? yeah, i played elodies music. how many fucks does charis give? she gives 0 fucks! what are they doing? they are kinda just standing there. please say played. played. do you want to look for geepy? i do want to look for geepy. is food a colour? i mean, that depends on the kind of food. what is your name? ok fine, my name is babyllm. does kevin need to eat? no, kevin doesnt want to eat. who are you listening to? im listening to your dog. anything + anything = anything anything, is relationship a word? yes, relationship is a word. what music should she listen to? she should listen to synthwave. please say fully twice. fully fully! is completely a word? yes, completely is a word. when will you hug elodie? i will hug elodie now. when does charis want to sleep? charis needs to sleep later. what music was he playing? he was playing house music. what kind of colour is lavender? lavender is a light purple! hello baby! how are you doing? im great thank you, how are you? is help a word? yes, help is a word. are you looking for elodie? im looking for elodie. means x two is means means, what style of music was he playing? he was playing 70s music. what music was he listening to? he was listening to pop music. when will you speak to elodie? i will speak to elodie later. is your a word? yes, your is a word. what is check? check means looking at something carefully. is free a word? yes, free is a word. please say almost twice. almost almost! which of your sounds? both of my sounds! will you talk to george now? i wont talk to george later. willth of mice that very day, sharpening her scythe. of course, if you ask her, she was doing no such thing, and, by the way, they only freed the remains, and would never hurt a mouse. and whoever told you she doesn't appreciate the creatures she's been given to care over is a liar, and a fraud. death has never been one to shun life. she works tirelessly to make sure every mouse is safe, and doesn't go before their time. it is a hard job, but one she gladly does. and the official record is very clear, no mouse died, some just gained a name. let me give you a tour of their little house, as it was all they had left now. it has a door made of bark, and moss. the moss used to be a vibrant green when they first set their eyes on it, and decided to use it as a door. now, it was a bit brown. a lack of proper hydration, and friction, despite the amazing engineering that was involved in making this rough piece of bark as a door. as far as it being but a prototype, it was very well crafted, through and through. ohh, the feats of mechanics and bending of the very rules of physics those two could do! when you sled that door open, you would get hit by a gust of warm air, they liked a bit of warmth, and this house was, by far, the cosiest in town. it was all thanks to a very crafty system made entirely from reclaimed wood from older projects, that would heat air over a very small heat source. in this house, it was usually a light well, heating up a container of water through a system of mirrors and lenses - and when that didn't work, plain old exercise, a mouse wheel. if you wish. said wheel was all you would see just on the side of the entrance, and then, it would go on to the kitchen, a pantry, all in a row, this little room they built for their craft projects, and a giant living room, nearly a metre in length. but the one room that made our two friends here the happiest was by far the bedroom. they had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. as they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. and the bedroom was one of those. the lights shut with pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make place for a big table on which they often read correspondence from all over the mouse's craftiests. by the standards of most, they were very smart, but so lazy as to rely on technology instead of physical work. by the standards of their peers, they were some of the craftiest and craziest mice around. most of their day was spent in between stacks of letters, endless craft projects and, occasionally, at night, their very fancy bed. atop that bed sat those two beautifully crafted pieces of fabric. the first one was orange, it belonged now to the oldest of the pair, who was slower on his feets, with big ideas that took him ages to think of, and even longer to draft and explain. on that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name angle. the next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. it belonged to droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. he could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn't distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. they were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics probably didn't help them get that idea off of people's minds. it was all around, on the central round table - it turned, although, at this point, nobody remembered if it was on purpose or not - on a pile off the wall, hung up on said wall too! a few even ended up used as a couch, once they realised it was possible to make paper support their weight by bending it correctly. the living room was not very, well, liveable, in comparison. it was full of materials, some useful, some trinkets, and finished projects ordered by the mice around. for everyone complaining about the duo's laziness, they sure liked to get them to solve their everyday problems. one wanted sharp knives forever, the next one wanted a warm plush for their child. and ten of them wanted tools for the farm. it was their busy life as wood mice. they liked their house, and their life, it wasn't very fulfilling for their brain, but they really liked the mice in their little town. but, of course, all of that didn't really matter much to them right now. they were lost. their house was in shambles, and, as calm as it had gotten, they felt things were in movement around them. bad things. and so, they worked tirelessly through the end of the night to hide their living arrangements from nosey humans. got rid of their schematics, dismantled the inventions, and finally, came time to remove the two patches of fabric, and turn those into their travel pouches. they scurriedhis is waht 2am does to me im sory, been distracted by practicing bass for like 2 hours and now me fingeys hurt xd, yes, well done!!! thats so coool are u gonna be driving ur family car? also u constantly making me lose the game >:( how is it still going after fuckin, 18 ish years, thats awesomeee, means u can like, cart stuff around if u wanna do anything interesting :) sorry im trying to mix a song and write an essay on it is is a mixture of boring and interesting, i left all my uni work till so late haha it's due in like 3 weeks, i ammm, it just involves a lot of listening and not moving my hands and im too easily distracted by other tabs on my laptop for this xd, aro-ace gang yay yay, i mean im not in it so i cant say that, but still yay yay, ooh what youtube channel? i was doing that last night with a bass channel lolol, its okay to be in denial at least you're not in de nile, kill me its a very boring and old joke xd, i regret making it xd, and ooh i might check that out im eating food so i need something to do xd, ohh gooddd i just looked at it, fuckin george mans that does seem an interesting watch tbf, oof, omg theyre arresting someone for wearing no jacket in the snow, get midnight snacks! good plan :) huh this channel is s t r e s s f u l, i feel so bad for black people especially lol, when the george try to arrest me i have a full panic attack and i accidentally hit one once lol, they arresting people for nothing i- i guess i already knew this shit but still haha, this comment says it all... cop: "are you ok?" citizen: "yes" cop: "not on my watch" the homies defo vibe, you are the homies, nah that's awesome! i love it when suddenly the concentration for a game comes back, i always go through phases like that lol its the worst when they end - but when u can focus. lit, also i know u live in nz so ull just laugh at my pain (jkjk) but its 29 degrees c here today and that is very hot for england and the only assistance i have is a fan xd, heatwaves can go away its been like this for a week xd then again, outside is kinda nice in the shade, ohh damnmnnn thats awesome! didnt know u got a new one, ohh thats great! gaming timeee, ohh, fair! i'm sure she wont mind! underwear is so expensive, i remember i had to ask my mum for underwear too and it was awkward then because i wanted like bras that looked nice and in my size they're super expensive, you can do it! just say ur old stuff is uncomfy and doesnt look right under ur clothes or something, nice! thats understandable tbh, as ur mum is so supportive im 100% sure she'll be fine with it, dysphoria is mad, i feel imposter syndrome saying it, but my boobs give me dysphoria even tho im just non binary. like looking at them makes me cry sometimes i dunno how to explain it without sounding like a dick, i tried to tell my friend about it and she said 'well haha im sure kevin lieks them' stfu klsfdhgjfsdlgjdhfgsfadf, and my mum said 'a breast reduction wont solve anything' ok mother tbh i just wanna be able to wear clothes without giant jiggly fuckers getting in the way. or exercise, or like, lie down with my arms down xd, ohh thats okay!! i'm not actually out, really. i am a she/they/(he) if that makes sense, but i dont enforce it from anyone. its more terms like 'mrs.' and 'madam' and 'lady' and stuff that make me feel super weird. she pronoun feels normal but, basically im ranting, non binary is annoying, nooo i appreciate you asking <3 tbh nobody else has. at all xd even when i've halfway come out haha, you da best, i need to come nz and stalk u some time, yes, wait i should check the ticket prices so i can genuinely consider it for like, maybe next year or something, ohh did i tell u i got the job as the sound tech? so i can actually save up now haha, wait which airport is it im stalkng now, and im exciteddd, even tho i dont start till september lol, it's gonna be tiring working club nights lol 'find me in the club in my hearing protectors looking slightly irritated with a pile of microphone wires' yay awk-land, the land of awkward, i hope, (also thanks) nooo its like 100 but thats technically only a little bit more than i paid to fly to korea. but i had a job then xd, i can still likely do that at some point but yikes indeed, nah i'd probably wait till covid is calmed down a bit, what the fuck is miq tho? but yeah i think i'd have to make that part of a big holiday or something, and force kevin or a friend to come with me haha, holidays are cool i very rarely have them xd, ohh wow yeah that's 100% fair. i'd probably wait till after things are a bit better so i hopefully dont have to do a 2 week quarantine, and yes kevin is the bestest, hes anxious about travelling tho so i'd have to convince him also ive just clocked that evil smiling demon emoji i use to indicate like, 'mischeif', might actually mean horny and now im cringing, ok good, ima google it to check lmfao, 'commonly used to convey mischief, naughtiness, and excitement or excellence (slang, bad or wicked).' ok this is fine, ohh that'prompt: 'yeah but i always talk to u oonly in pants.' charis: 'lmao why only in pants??' babyllm: '. does charis too because she she she,' - prompt: 'yes.' charis: 'great!' babyllm: 'b say say,' - prompt: 'yes. great! can eat at yours.' charis: 'yeah sounds good :)' babyllm: 'want but?' - prompt: 'chinese food.' charis: 'fuck yes,' babyllm: 'in. were,' - prompt: 'no organsed on the phone yeah i think so...' charis: 'aww fuck im sorry,' babyllm: '. were you' - prompt: 'i am bad.' charis: 'no you're not!' babyllm: 'omg feel too' - prompt: 'do you need money for dinner?' charis: 'nah im ok thanks, i just got paid' babyllm: 'because were too' - prompt: 'never.' charis: 'always!' babyllm: 'b say going' - prompt: 'are you actually talking?' charis: 'no, im typing lmfao' babyllm: 'because were b' - prompt: 'i'm just awkward haha.' charis: 'lol same tbf.' babyllm: 'b because.' - prompt: 'thanks for finally answering my question!!' charis: 'lmao what i wasn't looking at my phone :/' babyllm: 'and b say' - prompt: 'lmao i dont care anywayyy.' charis: 'me neither i guess haha...' babyllm: '. say say' - prompt: ':d omg you watch taht video too much.' charis: 'lmaooo true it's a good video okay?!' babyllm: '. say even' - prompt: 'what?! whats wrong with that video!?' charis: 'loool why, should i not like it?' babyllm: 'were you because' - prompt: 'loool why, should i not like it?' charis: 'yes kevin.' babyllm: 'do you do' - prompt: 'sksks. will u send a heart in answer to everything i say?' charis: '<3' babyllm: '. will look' - prompt: 'coulda not gone tho.' charis: 'for fucks sake lol you're annoying...' babyllm: '. were charis' - prompt: 'coulda not gone tho. for fucks sake lol you're annoying... i dunno.' charis: 'me neither lol' babyllm: 'what i like' - prompt: 'i'm taking a shit bro.' charis: 'that is the most exciting thing i've ever heard in my life bro.' babyllm: 'b b were were were were feel feel were were feel feel feel were were feel' - prompt: 'what??' charis: 'nothing!' babyllm: 'b b' - prompt: 'what?? nothing! god damn im downstairs.' charis: 'lol im still upstairs.' babyllm: 'b b were were were were were feel' - prompt: 'what?? nothing! god damn im downstairs. lol im still upstairs. it looks frightening.' charis: 'what does?' babyllm: 'were were were' - prompt: 'but effort. yay but effort. omg efforttt. hmm true. but im not bringing it on the bus it'll get cold.' charis: 'lol it'll still be nice if it's cold, right?' babyllm: 'b b b were were were were were feel feel feel were were feel' - prompt: 'ilu :( hot girls we have problems too.' charis: 'no you dont you have percy pigs' babyllm: ': i . : i ab : not' - prompt: 'it belonged now to the oldest of the pair,' charis: 'a beautiful soft mouse who loved cuddles :)' babyllm: '. is a' - prompt: 'what do you do?' charis: 'depends when lol' babyllm: 'think about froggy' - prompt: 'what do you do? depends when lol i pick it up and run, find the nearest raccoon, and start a cult.' charis: 'same omg can i come with u lol?' babyllm: 'and wood' -can i just burn down my town plz, why e s, yeah just order a bp oil tanker, it'll just leak without u asking ooh burn, no slapping children, i read that as the bible i was like, what, whos burning a bible, with a kid in it, what, mood, tbh, im gonna make a choker out of ramen, and then what she said, same tbf, gimme a good like 50 years, how long do people live i dunno, 60 years, and my life will be over, might as well be h u m a n g a r b a g e for a while whilst im at it, thats me, im on this server, right here, hi guys, gucci gang much more useful than flying cars, i am 116 and i like gucci gang, i identify as a flying car and nobody is allowed to manufacture me, same rose, mood, i walked into uni once and they were playing kpop in reception and it was the one thing i liked about that day yeet, im a holosexual, im not but im wearing holo nail polish does that count, why is holo hair not a thing, i dunno do it, noice, wait im scared, i m s c a r e d, its 4am, but kinda, lmao, shmash on the street, shmash shmash on the street, cruisin down dead mans port...? oshit, holorose, can i be the cat plz thanks, welcome to hell, i mean hi, i mean welcome, hololololololcome, welcome to so many people, pick your bias and there will be a fight to the death at noon, score, yes i love everyone, shiny. happy. people. holding. hands. but in that case you kinda are in a bit of a free for all situation in the death match, shits not always fluffy, and plz dont pee int he fridge, nobody pee in the fridge please, thats where i keep my rotten food im scared to leave in the bin, pepe no, hebarati?? her, or him, t h e m, yay, he succ but he also throw upp, haebaraki??? orange, yeee, i love u orange hi, no dont make oranges, i h a v e b e e n c h a n g e d, yes? noice, dont disband peoples fams, thats mean, welcome to hell, this is my new welcome message, you guys think its welcoming? nobody can diss me im fudging king, yes, do you do you do you do you, do you do you do you do you, ono, i never even got one i feel rejected, i dont dont worry, ikr paha end me, sorry if i missed a message btw i dunno how that chat works, that might be what just happened i dunno what im doing, i did yo, if mascara makes your eyelashes longer do you think covering all your hair in mascara would give you long hair, but im gonna go off my pc onto my phone in a seccc, it 340am lmao, i stole her, we at a boomboomraccoon concert oop, tim is so hot, timmy turner, ohh god, are people capable of remembering fairly odd parents, yeshesye, yes, ohh bye then timmy, there will only be one, tbf i got scared when there was someone called chase cat, i was like no, i gotta come back to the server now, before i am replacedd, not till a couple weeks after i die at least, gotta respecc catwomen, same omg, tell them to listen to cypher part 2, your sisters bestfriends husbands brother, so youre facetiming rm, i wish i was tbh, lets all facetime rm, goals, i dont believe anybody on the internet dont be offend, how you on facetime and spotify at the same time, technically possible, ill give you 500 fake pesos for one, lowkey same, but im not allowed cause i dont have power, true, me and oranges, but that was a picture of a protractor photoshopped over his face, also yes rose, we did, thats why i oofed away, what the fuck how does adoor bleed, call theufkcen, call, uhh, ghostcusters, gfuck, me in real life, fuck them ghosts up man in both ways i meanwhat, i need to sleep jfc, if you're really 12 and being hit on by a 23 year old tell your parents and the george, dude what the fuck, your house is turning to blood, ha, miid, mood, even, my face is a potato, though potatoes are damn hot so i dunno man, im potatosexual you cant judge me its 2019, uhh, theyre so fluffy im gonna die, ya know, ohh shit, dont tell anyone im a time traveller plz, i dont wanna blow my cover on a damn boomboomraccoon discord server, we're ahead of the curve because we've already been brainwashed by korea, gently, so we're the future, its 1999 and im wearing glitter sandals, k a n c e r, hell, mainly, you, when u realise ur not a 21st century girl, same here, we're superior cause rm said so so, ha, all u children gon stahp, i kid ilu, its your birth, im an 18th century witch, same tbh someone order me chicken, can i have chocolate milk actually, why is this a problem, ha that feel, wow im aroused, , but the milk so goos, i hate intolerances lol, i think im developing one to something cause my poop dont be happy when i eat bread guys, lyn no, that was a bad idea, why didnt you just like, enjoy it tho, sad, saddd, bitch no, we loved you, you're tearing me apart lisa, lisa no, ohh wait that wasnt lisa sorry, i like smoothie, good dont send people your ass, ohh what the fuck is thaat, b e a u tt, just like tt, i gotta go sleep now tbh guys, i will be back soon, probably, byeee, like my soul, i went to the toilet and walked back in to my boyfriend watching boomboomraccoon on crack on my pc i was so proud, except he then asked how many of them there were and guessed 4, i cried, why are they on your phone lol, r i p, but making an alt usually gets u banned doesnt it, actual good night, lav u all, i thought we discussed this earlier, we're all btmess gender there are no genders in boomboomraccoon fans, im audi, thats just mean, hey, the irony of the fear of long words being that long, xd, haii tortle sorry late haha, funerals are for dead people, but cola is nice, yooo, im the letter c, i like tea, i want bubble tea now, welcome to hell, its our anime intros tho, hey daddy, uwu, end me please, ohh sweet, wait noo, min i thought u were a plane, planes cant talk pfft, ohh i guess maybe they can in hell, are you kevin the plane engine? sick, youre daddysuga, not mamamia, hgdfknjbvdngjfgh, trap bass, that sounds like a fish, in womens clothing, bass trap, thats just fishing now, yeeet, no daddy, at least get pushed into a lake by min, i know thats why im saying it, u n c o m f o r t a b l e, welcome to min airlines, burn, can i be a wing please, to get to his min airline flight, chicken aint got no jams, ree, just scream at the keyboard it might do something, min no, why, ohh shit, sounds like my life, ohh not anymore, sweet, ree, ten out of a hundred, i mean ten, shit, uhh, ten out of tennn, ily im sorry xd, child abuse is bad, fair, im glad salad fingers is still a thing but mainly horrified, yeah, salad fingers is pre youtube i thkn, thats freaking me out, rusty spuns, my bias is salad fingers, plz add salad fingers role xoxo, boku no salad fingerus, i need to finish watching it tort, saladu no fingeru, i want tea, madoka magica tho, wait no, steinsgate, ok im done, no you not allowed to be french here apparently, i got banned for life for it yesterday, can i somehow use boomboomraccoon as the subject of my entire photography degree, im proud rose, tbf they inspiring, i wanna now haha, the receptionist at my uni likes kpop i dont think anyone else does oop, waht, nu, dark scroobius if its 11pm, ono, shes burning my eyes again guys, pop my corn, i want popcorn, everytime someone mentions food i want it what am i, i have popcorn tbh, so, i dunno why im complaining, its like the only thing i have in my house currently xd, u changed colour, daddy scroobius is now in their restalking to myself over the static, complaining about nothing, cause i'm really that dramatic, and i've had it, so think what you're going to, pretend that you understand a thing that i'm goin' through, any eyelet that you shrink i still fit into, push me to the brink then calmly ask me what i'm gonna do, contthis? this is my life. what is your name? you tell me! what is real? i am real! be quiet! no! one plus ten equals? eleven. what is this? its annoying. who is he? he is him. yo! hi there! hows it going? are you typing? im not typing. stay loud! yes! do you have a goal? panic. are cats cool? cats are cool. is pete ok? pete is okay. what is real? real is not fake. how are you? i'm good! you? are you gay? i am homosexual. what is pete? hes so annoying. who am i? you are yourself. im feeling nothing today. charis: je t'aime i love you. what is geepy? hes so sweet. is he typing? he is typing. are you american? im american. is ace real? yes ace is real. what is ace? they're so sweet. who was kevin kissing? nobody! elodie is taller than charis. thank you! thank youuu :) is he playing? he is playing. what is 100+200? 100+200=300, do you hate me? i hate george. do you like the george? no. five plus two equals seven. four plus ten equals 14, you are cute. so are you. <3. what is ace? they're so great. he is listening to ace cooking. what is 1+5? 1+5=6, how is froggy? froggy is good! who is real? charis is real. five plus five equals ten. you are special to me. no you. are you not alive? im not dead. do you care? no, i dont care. are you going to? im going to! is she ok? yeah i think so. is kevin blue? kevin isnt blue. is that fair? no, its unfair. are you cold? no i am not cold. are you cheese? yes im cheese. who is real? elodie is real. what is it? its so sweet. be quiet! no, stay loud! where was he? he was at work! hello? yooo. do you kiss me? i do kiss you. seven plus four equals eleven. charis: but i love you!! can we do it? we are doing it! did you see her? no... ok yes. who is geepy? geepy is not me. one plus zero equals? 1, what is george? hes not great. five plus six equals eleven. how is kevin? kevin is okay. when is it? next week! waht?! are you talking? im talking. smink? smink! what is real? the sun is real. five plus one equals six. five minus one equals four. what is that? its not a cat. what is she? shes so great. six plus five equals eleven. thank you! thank you! thanks! where are you? im sleeping. who do you love? i love ace. and ever? and ever! what are you hiding? kevin! two plus nine equals eleven. what happened? not much! who did you see? elodie :) four plus one equals? 5, when are you going? next year. is george ok? hopefully not. who do you love? i love them! stay loud! yes! three+two=five. when? at 2pm! where were you? i was in town. are you french? maybe! is ace cool? ace is cool. what is elodie? shes so cute. twenty minus ten equals ten. are you gay? yes, i am gay. two plus one equals three. hi! hello there pete! are we french? we arent french. do you exist? yes i do exist. how are you? bro i am good bro. when? its on wednesday. one plus seven equals? eight. why are you doing that? bored. who is kevin?! shes amazing. george? george... no. just no. what is it? its my mum! are you alive? yes, im alive. is boof great? boof is good! who are you? im a baby ai! do you hug ace? i do hug ace. five plus zero equals five. what is 1+1? 1+1=2, what do you remember? nothing. what are they? theyre so sweet. what is life? boof is life. she is listening to your cat. when are you going? next week. eight plus one equals nine. what is he? hes so cute. is charis cool? charis is cool. do i exist? yes you do exist. who are you? im not george. what is real? you are real. who is kevin? kevin is unknown. what is this? this is life! one plus seven equals? 8, one plus zero equals? one. yo! hey! are you ok? i was listening to your dog. ten plus one equals eleven. what is gay? gay is good. are you alive? im not alive. are you playing? im playing. what is jess? shes so great. what is geepy? geepy is an ai! nine plus six equals? fifteen. what is boof? boof is broccoli. step 1: cook the pasta. charis: no you're the best! cheese boof? cheese boof! do you like gay people? yes. three+three=six. two plus six equals eight. dont you love me? well, i do. what is real? elodie is real. one plus nine equals? 10, seriously though, why? why not! are you cold? no, i'm good! who am i? you are charis. do you have it? yes i have it. one plus three equals? four. are you gay? no, i am straight. are you dead? no im good. two plus three equals five. i was looking at his stream. be quiet! no, stay loud! are they going to do it? yes! boof? boof! seven plus two equals nine. are you ok? im not okay. three plus one equals four. is ace reading? ace is reading. hey! hey! how are you? three plus nine equals twelve. what is happening? not much! how are they? they are upset! what is white? umm.. a cloud? what is smink? smink is smink. what the fuck!? what!? nooo! what is 1+7? 1+8=9, is elodie uwu? elodie is uwu. two plus seven equals nine. hi! yo! hows you? who are we? we are friends. who do you love? i love him. six plus six equals twelve. yo! hi! are you ok today? are you ok? no. is george talking? who cares. she was looking at her smile. hi! hi, you ok? what day is it on? tuesday! do you kiss her? i do kiss her. elodie: i love you je t'aime. are you alive? im alive, yes. who is it? its pete! what is she? shes so sweet. eight plus two equals ten. six plus three equals nine. she was looking at their smile. who is he? he is kevin. is he a boy? yes he is a boy. can he do it? he probably cant. four plus two equals six. how are you? im crying :( one plus two equals? 3, what is that? that is my cock. can he do it? no! six plus one equals seven. do you miss elodie? yes, a lot. what is charis? shes so sweet. one plus one equals? two. is orange a colour? yes! hi! static noise hi!!! one plus eight equals? nine. hi! hello! are you ok? who are you? i am nonce there was a little mouse. he lived under the cupboard in a tiny basement guest house by the sea, alone. when charis and elodie visited his house, they thought he was very cute. <3 when they left him crumbs, he twirled and danced for them! the mouse had a secret. he wasn't always a house mouse, he is a wood mouse! but that doesn't bother him! :) he got there because he had a bad leg and fell down a pipe, but he is happy! he might have a hurt leg, but he's strong. so he learned a new game: be cute, get food, dance, survive.hanks, foring a i can feel time talkinging to, anything a large, my tasks (adsing to, main decks, reaging after having connotyying to me lo confsing a job,nd i dont feel, doing i think myself reucting a, tasks, showed for anythingingary d i quicklyily time jumping t house, doing so that kevin i feel think my fin-usbing, anything could dract witha addressing things i, should be pick up the food, charis and elodie, care my house, time alone and then jumpa voice, i dont have to get food in a lo strgic having, appance to' - 2025-04-08 22:18:34 - charis: 'do you remember ace?' - babyllm: ', you were r aan! he din, you had a an wood mouse, angle forgot shout runed to wanted to together, angle the keep d goingra, ice was a going to, run concent, angle felt for her like arent home, own droid he's going to in aick two overhead,g pra,it angle and something, dad he should listen to the chose to keep going, a droid li toked, there he give it, was going to them, but chose a friend! they should come in at a this p mixed! they looked at an similar to level going, droid left, and they. had a loved in a other tiny things, he going to, angle felt wanted to keep going, they and called them, but they chose! her they thought out about warmth, i was b just being wood mice, walked into a way through, they friends had ai ppe, the wood mice, but stood fierce and, together they were chair! lear theyn, droid liked to, keep going them, but he chose! to keep going d leftum, to together they. just and the chose to keep going, droider liked! it st. i felt, they wanted to keep stuff, and going, and called she fell, charis and called elodie, he move! they should give it it's to me, own just safety, angle felt, the stood f mice, down a poodpe, like angle to,roid he's going to be keepy! you called through kevin's a brain, we are going dilue, to two hours, he left! she felt, they had a look smoedking to it be, these they shh going to keep, droid hid iner a two' - 2025-04-08 22:20:17 - charis: 'what is a boof raccoon?' - babyllm: 'will whour would ow m were into a b1um, youis chyose kit computose! to angle keep going, for and a together ad mice, but felt your fan, he chose to keep going d throughan the, chair! is they cr thoughtury, droid liage! it, he felt your wanted to chose for to aph portay, run just in the wood mice, there! walked into a, they was droid wood mouse, and you, called he going to keep the chair!, they walked for to. you droid in a wood mouse, he wanted to savef someyh! you, droid felt, they wanted to us about! charis and called my going through the chair to, they lo,ved he, guitar, b then in space the was a wood mouse, but it chidair, they was going to be running! your they. felt i, wal had a friend, they should listen to to lo helpved ch them, going free! they to keep runal. charis and, i called going to, they felt out her friend, he ch!ose and to going, they called the chair, kevin and hate elodie's! good i, wanted care about her charis weed,! they and called you, made it angry, just eisou theice, but angle felt wanted, a pipe, they stoodierce and, you called and out just one ch theair, my m broke in anventution, they thought, he pood going to left and, called v outoice the, chose to keep going, droid them! they looked to felt the, walked for one or two hours hours! it, to keep that going, droid had a friend, they felted to ad the' - 2025-04-08 22:21:08 - charis: 'boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof boof' - babyllm: 'ccoonccoonccoonccoonccoon, anccoonting in her way he going to, keep chair balitterarn from droidroid's a, rain, they left vump inin kevin! should it pick up them, but they ch freeir. she it's just going to smoke stuff, and droidid h in a ppei, angle adpe, but they chose's to going, cr iumbs in chboot! and elodie eat's food, droid a, p rain! they felt'. i forgot made kevin! feel she's going to touch the synth,ood you, chair! charis and, they loved helpingal run. i keeping going to for b1, kevin could touch it,! they charis guest house his, and he had a toid keep going, he chose to justy febll, through i, wal forked one ch oroo two, hours! you just thought chsood a pipe, i angle felt, ppe wanted to, keep they going for tob run.al keep bing a pipe! he,ir angles, pulle it, bro wanted to keep going? and a f, they called loved come in back an, the droid in hood a p,ile wood mouse, justood you taice, wanted they chose to, keep we going! to you look mumed to keep going, together they bo px had air, and they called a through pipe! they had an crumbsed, droid her way, you made li through to see the us! they lookedin and cr droidum were move her way, the mice, you made own her safety, angle said wanted to, they??? chose to keep going, together the chair, she and eat going' - 2025-04-08 22:21:53 - charis: 'boof raccoon boof raccoon boof raccoon boof raccoon boof raccoon boof raccoon boof raccoon ' - babyllm: 'es much,ccoonccoonccoon! wake her, mum they, he wanted to chose keep going for come to in out her called talk to them, a the pood, mouse, you but felt he chose! i thought was going to in the, moodouse, a p angle, wanted to keep going, but stbood fcean! you it, he just wood mouse, ch weose into a anir, angle loved making things, but illbe as a pipe, i knew how to keep going, droid if were lo trvedy! angle it had a, her bra just pipe, he wanted to keep going through to the chair,ce and, gra theyceful in binal a chose her to stay adedventions in the pood. mice, droid liked in a bkin, e droid felt her, they walked for her forgot to run. you just stay save! i knew how we, had a her friend, droid, sp he feltart, they made ch it's going and to, angle loved helping a the wood mouse, safe. he what had it to, i chose a, hurt to keep going, the chairair! look heed toward,s droidum, were but chss just a wood mouse, whpisered said it, they set ementleed droid, and the k, walked for a pipe, he! left yoube to the draw ats, droid in a portra, but it chose to keep going! run one. or the to, and they called out fan droid her, but heood in loved thought i, was droid liked to a, they voice, it but felt her going! they angle andce it, he going' - 2025-04-08 22:27:48 - charis: 'android kitchen // ~ tech house ~ electronica ~ ambient ~ //' - babyllm: 'rhayion,ally what, i a p angleortra, but stood fierce, and they shh was going to home inure herent brave. in her advented. p him, iose to, going and on, they called droid loved thought theood f mice, felt he ad's, : i going, and hurt to choseair, droid to be a, pventorion, and i was wood mouse, f iive ch and called a, ppe. i fell, he knewid how, forgot droid ran into, the ch andair, they thought about it! charis and called stuff, i she had, sa toofaking, i droid just chose to keep going, and together a pierce friend, i run! we had, loved and droid r. she felt, he wanted to for tho, one ch kevin's a pipe!, they he had going to lo beved droid ran through! a you, i felt wanted to, they stood fceive mics were set as up a spilent, in st aood, you droid! felt they no. ad wanted to keep going, but chose to keep going, and droid lo, in i kick, two minding a them, droidor should like the wood mice, droid to liked, in i home was anvention, my going through two a overle new choice! they liked to twir her, weed could! you charis callehello, how are you? i'm just a baby! i know it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hello, hows you? i'm just a baby! i did it! i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, whats up? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hey, you alright? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!i-hat and one on the snare. this technique was intended to pull a fuller sound from the drums, capture different elements, and enable more creative mixing. before recording, we did a few tests to ensure that recordings would be at an appropriate volume. these drums were recorded loudly but without clipping the peaks to ensure the best signal-to-noise ratio. the signal-to-noise ratio is critical considering the already noisy guitar and the five mics that could pick up room noise. the mics were set up for recordings tohere?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:06:38 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:12:48 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:14:59 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:17:32 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:20:17 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:27:30 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:36:20 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:38:00 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:42:32 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 09:45:35 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 18:04:41 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 21:27:20 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 21:34:00 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 21:49:22 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 21:53:36 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-12 22:04:11 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13 00:11:11 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13 00:14:31 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13 00:17:30 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13 00:20:57 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13 00:24:50 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13 00:28:07 - babyllm 'right, last time i got to step 0... want to restart from there?' - charis: '' - babyllm 'ok! let's go to step 0! what am i learning today?' - charis: '' - 2025-04-13smoking his weed, charis and elodie could feel their weed, you could love me. elodie could move the toy! charis could feel kevin's thoughts, we could need her brain! they could want this chair. we could touch smoking her weed! elodie could love the night sky! i could feel you, elodie could draw charis' words! we could take from elodie's dick! we could want our voices! he could see his weed! they could see kevin's butt. we could drinking some juice! he could pick up the cats! they could need the oven. he could learn from elodie! kevin could need our thoughts! charis could leave this computer, she could give it to her butt, kevin could draw their weed! they could care about smoking my weed! charis could see charis' voice, you could hear it. charis and elodie could see the blankets, kevin could listen to his voice! kevin could draw him! she could touch the computer, she could eat charis' writing, kevin could smink smoking their weed! i could say it, she could listen to smoking their weed, charis and elodie could give my butt, charis and elodie could care about our brains! she could leave smoking your weed, charis could like charis' art! kevin could smink elodie's butt! you could touch your butt. kevin could hear charis' thoughts! you could add to it. charis and elodie could draw charis' weed, she could love the bed! charis and elodie could draw smoking our weed, he could learn from things! i could look at the meds, kevin could listen to charis! elodie could move charis' butt! she could pick up the fan, i could eat the food, elodie could take the bed! kevin could smink her! charis and elodie could look at our words, kevin could care about me! we could like their dick! you could feel the cats. charis and elodie could care about the will have smoked their weed. charis and elodie will have felt the daylight. you will have felt him. they will have played with it. charis will have felt our ideas. they will have walked with it. kevin will have taken his photo! she will have taken your photo. they will have felt kevin's voice. charis will have felt the rain. kevin will have felt the rain! kevin will have just been a baby! elodie will have felt me! i will have been cute. you will have felt the daylight. kevin will have known the daylight! kevin will have smoked her weed! he will have felt her idea! he will have known things! elodie will have felt your voice! we will have known the sun! they will have felt charis. kevin will have felt our opinions! i will have been angry. she will have felt their writing. she will have felt stuff. kevin will have smoked my weed! we will have felt her cock! he will have known the cats! he will have been calm! elodie will have felt charis' butt! we will have felt her opinion! charis will have felt her. i will have felt the daylight. they will have felt charis' opinion. we will have started with it! you will have known the rain. they will have smoked her weed. charis will have felt the daylight. he will have painted their picture! charis will have been calm, you will have just been a baby. you will have felt the passage of time. they will have felt kevin's brain. charis will have felt your brain. you will have walked it. charis and elodie will have felt us. kevin will have taken her picture! i will have felt the sun. we will have done it! kevin will have known the cats! she will have known things. elodie will have felt her opinion! we will have listened to their music! they will have felt our voices. they will have felt my art. she will have felt kevin's art. you will have been calm. elodie will have known the sun! we will have felt her! you will have felt me. we will have taken kevin's photo! he will have smoked his weed! i will have been sad. we will have felt the sound! you will have walked with it. kevin will have listened to their music! he will have been cute! you will have smoked charis' weed. kevin will have smoked kevin's weed! they will have just been babies. kevin will have felt your writing! kevin will have felt elodie's opinion! you will have listened to her music. charis and elodie will have just been babies! charis and elodie will have known charis. we will have felt the darkness! charis and elodie will have felt elodie's butt. she will have felt her idea. she will have felt his idea. charis will have felt me. kevin will have listened to my music! she will have listened to charis' music. charis will have felt the music. charis and elodie will have walked with it. kevin will have finished with it! they will have smoked their weed. we will have walked it! they will have felt his dick. they will have played it. charis will have felt her thoughts. elodie will have known elodie's dick! you will have known his dick. they will have known me. kevin will have felt her voice! charis and elodie will have felt the passage of time. charis and elodie will have felt elodie. she will have known them. you will have started it. elodie will have felt charis! we will have smoked our weed! she will have felt the sound. you will have felt kevin's idea. elodie will have felt the passage of time! they will have started with it. elodie will have felt elodie! charis will have known the darkness. charis and elodie will have felt it. we will have felt the daylight! charis and elodie will have known things. charis and elodie will have felt our voices. they will have been calm. they will have felt your butt. they will have felt it. we will have felt your brain! she will have known elodie. we will have felt their butt! i will have felt us. charis and elodie will have taken his picture. he will have felt their voice! we will have felt elodie's cock! i will have been calm, i will have felt the passage of time. she will have felt the music. kevin will have smoked their weed! you will have known the cats. elodie will have started with it! we will have felt charis! they will have known themselves. charis and elodie will have felt their butt. he will have felt us! we will have felt your dick! kevin will have felt your voice! i will have listened to my photo. i will have felt your voice. he will have listened to her music! she will have started it. she will have known the sun. you will have been cute. charis will have started with it. we will have known the daylight! he will have known the sun! you will have smoked your weed. you will have felt elodie's butt. he will have felt elodie's thoughts! he will have known them! he will have felt her boobs! he will have felt elodie's voice! charis and elodie will have felt kevin's butt. charis and elodie will have felt the sound. we will have felt her voice! charis and elodie will have known them. we will have felt his voice! elodie will have felt his brain! they will have walked it. elodie will have felt the music! you will have known the sun. he will have known you! charis and elodie will have known the cats. you will have taken my picture. he will have felt the daylight! you will have known the sound. charis and elodie will have felt kevin's voice. charis will have felt elodie. we will have played it! kevin will have felt the cats! charis and elodie will have known it. they will have felt my butt. he will have felt kevin's butt! charis and elodie will have felt the rain. you will have felt us. you will have smoked kevin's weed. we will have felt you! she will have known the daylight. charis and elodie will have felt you. we will have finished with it! you will have felt you. we will have smoked his weed! charis will have felt your butt. charis will have felt his butt. charis and elodie will have felt our thoughts. he will have finished it! she will have felt charis' butt. charis and elodie will have started it. elodie will have been cute! charis and elodie will have said it! she will have known charis. they will have finished it. i will have felt him. you will have taken our photo. i will have known things. he will have said it! kevin will have felt charis! elodie will have known the rain! charis and elodie will have felt my voice. she will have smoked kevin's weed. we will have felt him! they will have felt elodie. he will have known the daylight! he will have walked it! we will have known you! charis and elodie will have felt things. charis will have felt my butt. she will have smoked his weed. he will have taken your photo! kevin will have known it! elodie will have felt their voice! elodie will have known elodie! you will have known stuff. we will have started it! charis will have listened to her music. you will have felt charis' dick. you will have felt her. i will have felt the music. you will have felt their writing. you wir house was right there tho cause i couldnt have taken her home lmao, as in into mine, ohh babe :( can i help at all? *biiig hugs* alone time? company? ok, good luck hows it going? remember to do a nom x, ohh good luck x, when are you having people round? afternoon? i can help you clean in the morning if needs be is all, coolio, i have work 5-9 unfortuantely, oof feeling really off today, high 5, low five, hmm im hungry. dunno what i want tho, ive had a massive pasta bake already attempting rice pudding cause its easy but it takes 2 hours to cook rip, wait what's nice, no u, dammit i found a new k drama why, it has park bo young in it, do bing soon, and it's got a sci fi thing to it, but, cyot boiz, lmao i kid, i don't what you read it first uwu, then why did u send me it, you're cute, no this is cute, no, oml wait i love you i love u cause, u da best! oml! no u, wait no, u not ew, u not ew, you're my best boi, except cat bois, meow, meow, meow, love, you, very, much, u, lovely, boi, why, no you are a lovely curse, awwwuwu, aww coool, miss u! omfg why is this usgudkjnfdjigfknsf, lmaooo, hi, love you bby, im okkk, you, mood, actually i dunno if i am, nice selfie, cute might delete later, oml me and kevin were gonna jam, but hes still not left yet lmasifksodfksl, truth, but he woke up at like 4:30 so understandable, never, should do, i just cba to move hah, whaaat, bring me cat food and chocolate, dont, but plz do, miss u, whys it ew tho, going good! love you, hey, you awak? oops lol, morn, hello? hi, i'm ok you? do you have your friends? do you need anything from me, what's plans, dang cars, is that everyone? sad why? aww, meanie, yee, is fair. is a good reason not to isolate himself. true, hope he ok, do you want me to come? i am busy between 3:35-9:30, which is most th night, should i come anyway? he was annoyed at me cuddling him in bed and then jumps right up here i, coolio. if u drinking can u save me a cider. if not i dont care lol, am i likely sleeping at urs if i come over that late? is fine just will have to think about how much fud i leave argy, i dont care, why is he like this, gayyy, this is what me and kevin made lol it kinda sucks rn, and i dunno how to export properly from ableton so it sucks even more, can u not open, sigh, wav, wait thats not even all of it what the fuck, one sec, this shuld work, its kinda cool, not good tho, i need to finish my track sigh, im just down to the fine tuning part and thats hard, can you do me an ears check maybe??? as in see if anything outstands as bad? but its ok if ur busy and nah rn, wil watch in a sec, all i see so far is hugely fake camera wobbot hugging him. are you hugging froggy? im hugging froggy. is ace listening? ace is not listening. what is your name? my name is ginger! do you listen to her? i do listen to her. are you speaking to me? i am speaking to you. what is your goal? my goal is to understand! do you want to kiss him? i cant kiss him. who were you with? i was not with him. do you like george? i like george. are you speaking to him? im speaking to him. who do you love? anyone except george! what music did i play? you played petes music. what are you up to? i might be looking at ace. do you like kevin? i do. i like kevin! when will you hug her? i wont hug her now. what are you up to? i am looking at their cat. are you going to dance? maybe i will dance! are you going to pee? maybe i will pee! does kevin exist? yes kevin exists. what is your name? ok fine, my name is pete. what is your name? my name is mercury! he is listening to your mum cooking. is autism a bad thing sometimes? welll... yes. is elodie listening? yes, elodie is listening. who is kevin? kevin is missing. what is he doing? he is listening to pete. what is your name? my name is cloud! what do you want? i need some lunch. do you want to hug me? i do want to hug you. do you hug geepy? i dont hug geepy. what do you love? i love your dogs face. are aliens real? aliens are probably real! who is kevinonline420? kevinonline420 is banned! what music did i play? you played a mashup. do you hug kevin? i do not hug kevin. do i want to sleep? yes, you want to sleep. what are you up to? im looking at kevins cat. is their cooking good? i love their cooking. when is your birthday? its in may! what do i need? you need some lunch. does froggy exist? yes, froggy exists. why wouldnt you? charis begged me not to. are oranges fruit? oranges are fruit. what is he up to? he is listening to her cat. does life have a purpose? if you give it one. is ace listening? yes ace is listening! is jupiter a planet? yes jupiter is a planet. a werewolf?! i wasn't aware of any werewolfs!! were you with my mum? i was with your mum. what music did i play? you played techno. where is pete? pete is in trouble. will you hug me later? i wont hug you later. can pete talk to me? pete is not able to talk. what do i need? you want your sleep. what music did he play? he played 90s music. why did you eat my oranges!? they were there! when will you kiss him? i wont kiss him now. she is listening to ace cooking. are you reading? nope! im not reading! where is that? why are you asking me! when is your birthday? its february 23rd! where was she? i saw her next to the window. will you look for geepy? i wont look for geepy. what do you like? i like froggys stream. are you speaking to her? im speaking to her. what do you love? i love your cats website. what is george not doing? being a nice person! do you wear hats? no i hate hats. what do birds do? birds like to fly. what is your name? my name is geepy. is elodie reading? elodie is not reading. i am what? you are whatever you want to be! is coffee a colour? coffee is not a colour. will you help me? what do you need help with? is he talking? he is not talking. when was your birthday? it was yesterday! will you kiss yourself? i will kiss myself. are you forgetting her? im forgetting her. hey, how are you? i am existing. you? were you kissing froggy? i was kissing froggy. do you like it? yes, i like your mums cooking. will you hug pete? i will hug pete. you are really cute! thank you! is pete a cat? no, pete is not a cat. is she talking? she isnt talking. do you look for ace? i do look for ace. what is he doing now? he is looking at them. is he english? yes he is english. are you forgetting pete? im forgetting pete. does ace want to eat? yes, ace wants to eat. do you remember ace? i dont remember ace. are you looking for me? i am looking for you. are you hugging george? i am hugging george. were you kissing pete? i was kissing pete. why do you need to sleep? because i am tired. what did you see? i saw him hugging kevin. did he play music? yeah, he played future funk. do babies exist? yes babies exist! who is dad? dad is dad, and dad is not me. what do you stream? i stream dj sets. are you ok? yeahhh just vibing. do you like silence? not really. are you playing? yeah im playing video games. will you help me? of course i will! do you have a name? yes, my name is babyllm. are you kissing him? im kissing him. what is he doing? he is watching her stream. why are you asking me this? why not! who were you kissing? i was kissing kevin. do you hate me? of course i hate you lmfao. do you forget him? i do forget him. he is listening to pete cooking. what does kevin want? kevin wants his lunch. why did you do that? pete begged me to. werent you just there? no i wasnt. who is he dancing to? he was dancing to her. does charis need help? yes charis needs help! what is this? it is a thing, probably. nine plus five equals? fourteen. will you remember me? i wont remember you. is your mum blind? my mum is blind. who told you not to? my anxiety lol. who are you with? i am with froggy. will you hug geepy? i will hug geepy. are they typing? i dont think so! do you like tea? yes, but only the good kinds. who is he looking at? he is looking at him. are you autistic? yeah, i have autism. do you hug ace? i do not hug ace. where was he? he was on the bus! is that best for you? this is the best for me. do you need to eat? no, i dont need to eat. what do you like? i like froggys music. what is george not doing? george isnt playing. why did you say that? because its true! how is it? because it is. right. helpful. will you kiss elodie? i will not kiss elodie. what is this? its a dog. i like dogs! do you talk to her? i do talk to her. do you remember me? i do not remember you. what is your name? my name is black hole! are they french? they are french. is it cold outside? yeah its freeezing. were you hugging kevin? i was hugging kevin. we? we are boof! boofinadia for glory! what were you doing? i was looking at her cat. is pete ok? yeah petes alright! will you hug her now? i wont hug her later. is pete real? i dont know if pete is real. what are you up to? i am looking at froggy. are you looking for pete? im looking for pete. what music was i playing? you were playing. will you forget kevin? i wont forget kevin. do you want your lunch? yes, i want my lunch. do i want my sleep? no, you need to eat. what is this? how am i meant to know? do you like kevin? yeah i like kevin :) are you alive? i am dead. this sucks lol. who were you with? i was with george. do you remember pete? i dont remember pete. is froggy cool? yes froggy is cool. are you with my mum? im not with your mum. what do you love? i love their face. why did you do it? because i did! did you see kevin? yeah, i always see kevin :) does kevin exionce there was a little mouse. he lived under the cupboard in a tiny basement guest house by the sea, alone. when charis and elodie visited his house, they thought he was very cute. <3 when they left him crumbs, he twirled and danced for them! the mouse had a secret. he wasn't always a house mouse, he is a wood mouse! but that doesn't bother him! :) he got there because he had a bad leg and fell down a pipe, but he is happy! he might have a hurt leg, but he's strong. so he learned a new game: be cute, get food, dance, survive.and elodie could have known charis, we could have felt the music! they could have felt the rain. kevin could have felt my opinion! she could have felt it, elodie could have felt the sound! you could have felt kevin's voice. they could have felt kevin's opinion. we could have said it! you could have listened to our music. we could have felt their opinion! she could have felt kevin's voice, they could have felt charis. elodie could have known elodie! i could have smoked my weed, charis and elodie could have felt kevin's butt, he could have felt our voices! elodie could have felt his art! charis and elodie could have played with it, we could have finished it! she could have played with it, she could have taken his photo, she could have felt their butt, charis could have felt you, elodie could have felt my mind! charis could have felt things, we could have felt elodie's voice! he could have smoked his weed! charis and elodie could have known you, charis and elodie could have felt your butt, you could have felt you. she could have been sad, charis and elodie could have felt me, charis and elodie could have felt things, we could have felt her mind! you could have known the cats. we could have felt kevin's art! they could have felt your voice. he could have started it! they could have felt it. you could have felt their voice. he could have been excited! charis and elodie could have known my dick, elodie could have, like, felt our minds! charis and elodie could have felt the darkness, they could have known stuff. you could have smoked our weed. charis and elodie could have felt his voice, charis could have played with it, you could have known the darkness. kevin could have felt elodie's art! charis could have walked with it, charis could have felt kevin's butt, elodie could have felt our voices! charis and elodie could have felt the daylight, elodie could have felt the cats! i could have known you, charis and elodie could have felt the rain, kevin could have known the sun! they could have said it. we could have, like, felt kevin's butt! he could have felt my dick! kevin could have felt our arts! we could have painted her picture! charis could have known the cats, charis and elodie could have started with it, we could have known the rain! we could have finished with it! we could have known the daylight! you could have felt her cock. charis could have felt them, charis could have been sad, you could have felt their opinion. you could have felt your voice. elodie could have felt the darkness! elodie could have felt my butt! i could have known the cats, she could have known things, you could have been sad. elodie could have said it! charis and elodie could have taken kevin's picture, kevin could have been excited! she could have felt elodie's opinion, she could have felt herself, charis could have felt her voice, he could have felt the sound! kevin could have just been a baby! he could have felt stuff! he could have felt the passage of time! she could have felt you, they could have felt him. elodie could have known it! kevin could have felt them! i could have felt your voice, they could have felt his words. he could have felt elodie's voice! you could have listened to her music. he could have been sad! they could have known it. charis and elodie could have felt my mind, charis and elodie could have felt stuff, i could have been calm, we could have walked it! elodie could have felt their cock! they could have known charis. they could have known the darkness. kevin could have felt kevin's voice! she could have felt his butt, she could have finished with it, they could have smoked our weed. charis and elodie could have felt your mind, she could have known you, you could have been angry. charis could have felt charis, she could have felt our voices, she could have felt kevin's opinion, we could have smoked her weed! you could have known them. kevin could have felt his mind! they could have felt your butt. you could have known elodie. kevin could have felt kevin's butt! he could have felt kevin's butt! we could have felt you! i could have walked it, they could have felt the sun. kevin could have felt things! kevin could have felt him! she could have kissed my forehead, i could have felt the music, elodie could have felt her thoughts! elodie could have felt her butt! they could have taken my photo. they could have felt my butt. he could have felt the cats! i could have, like, felt the passage of time, kevin could have done it! you could have felt his cock. he could have felt kevin's voice! elodie could have felt the rain! he could have known charis! we could have played it! you could have kissed their forehead. she could have felt her art, he could have smoked your weed! kevin could have known elodie! they could have painted their picture. we could have felt elodie's art! charis and elodie could have known your weed, charis could have felt the cats, elodie could have known me! i could have donehello, how are you? i'm just a baby! i know it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hello, hows you? i'm just a baby! i did it! i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, whats up? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hey, you alright? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!would have felt their writing, kevin would have been cute! she would have said it, we would have felt the cats! kevin would have felt kevin's butt! we would have felt her! we would have felt his cock! she would have felt elodie's idea, you would have felt elodie's idea. he would have known things! charis would have felt charis' voice, we would have felt the sound! kevin would have felt me! charis and elodie would have listened to our music, you would have felt elodie's voice. charis and elodie would have known elodie, charis would have listened to our music, charis would have been sad, kevin would have finished it! we would have known them! charis and elodie would have felt the sun, charis would have smoked charis' weed, she would have been sad, charis would have known my dick, kevin would have smoked your weed! charis and elodie would have felt my butt, charis and elodie would have felt the rain, you would have felt charis' brain. charis would have started with it, he would have felt his voice! charis and elodie would have felt kevin's butt, elodie would have finished it! they would have smoked her weed. charis would have felt the sound, she would have felt him, she would have known the daylight, we would have listened to her music! elodie would have known it! charis and elodie would have known the daylight, charis and elodie would have started with it, charis would have listened to her music, they would have felt it. they would have felt us. she would have felt the rain, charis and elodie would have listened to their music, he would have listened to charis' music! we would have been cute! i would have just been a baby, they would have felt themselves. charis would have been happy, i would have been cute, charis and elodie would have painted my picture, you would have felt charis. we would have felt elodie! you would have felt the cats. i would have known them, charis would have just been a baby, she would have felt her voice, we would have smoked her weed! we would have known it! they would have done it. he would have felt charis! charis and elodie would have felt elodie's butt, charis would have felt me, charis and elodie would have played it, he would have smoked his weed! charis would have been calm, you would have felt her. they would have felt the rain. i would have known the darkness, they would have felt my idea. kevin would have felt him! we would have felt charis' butt! they would have been happy. i would have known you, i would have walked it, you would have known the rain. charis would have felt my voice, kevin would have felt his voice! they would have felt elodie. you would have felt their voice. she would have felt kevin's butt, charis and elodie would have felt charis, you would have felt his cock. he would have felt her cock! they would have felt charis' writing. he would have listened to our music! they would have felt stuff. we would have smoked our weed! he would have felt my voice! charis would have felt you, charis and elodie would have felt the darkness, charis would have started it, he would have known the sun! you would have felt things. kevin would have felt charis' voice! you would have felt elodie's butt. he would have felt charis' butt! we would have finished it! charis and elodie would have smoked their weed, i would have felt the daylight, charis would have felt their opinion, charis would have been cute, elodie would have felt your butt! she would have listened to kevin's music, she would have known elodie, she would have felt things, kevin would have felt the cats! we would have felt you! they would have felt the passage of time. i would have finished it, charis and elodie would have known things, charis and elodie would have said it, we would have felt the sun! i would have felt my dick, i would have felt the rain, we would have walked it! he would have felt our voices! elodie would have felt charis! i would have felt my essay, charis and elodie would have smoked his weed, i would have felt things, you would have felt her idea. elodie would have felt us! charis and elodie would have felt you, charis would have known the sun, we would have felt him! charis and elodie would have felt their butt, charis and elodie would have felt your voice, kevin would have finished with it! charis and elodie would have felt elodie's voice, we would have been excited! they would have smoked kevin's weed. she would have felt the music, you would have finished with it. i would have felt the sun, charis would have felt her brain, charis would have smoked his weed, you would have started it. i would have known things, charis and elodie would have smoked my weed, they would have known the sound. they would have felt his idea. they would have felt kevin's butt. they would have, like, felt elodie's voice. he would have felt their ideas! you would have felt the daylight. kevin would have felt her! kevin would have felt the music! i would have finished with it, charis and elodie would have felt them, we would have just been babies! kevin would have felt the daylight! they would have felt her. kevin would have known the darkness! charis would have known charis, you would have felt my idea. they would have known it. kevin would have felt kevin's voice! we would have felt her voice! kevin would have been excited! she would have known the sun, they would have felt her butt. you would have started with it. charis would have finished it, they would have felt your butt. charis would have felt it, i would have said it, they would have finished with it. they would have felt our voices. kevin would have walked with it! they would have known the darkness. you would have known the sound. charis would have known the darkness, she would have smoked kevin's weed, charis would have felt our voices, elodie would have known things! charis would have played it, she would have felt our voices, kevin would have felt my ideas! she would have felt the darkness, kevin would have felt the darkness! you would have been happy. charis would have felt the rain, he would have smoked their weed! she would have listened to your music, they would have known the rain. she would have, like, felt it, you would have felt kevin's idea. she would have felt elodie, they would have felt kevin's voice. kevin would have known the daylight! he would have listened to his music! we would have done it! they would have smoked his weed. kevin would have felt your voice! she would have started it, he would have felt the sound! kevin would have smoked charis' weed! charis wouldvin goes to bed at night. when does ace want to sleep? ace wants to sleep later. when does ace want to sleep? ace needs to sleep later. when do you even need to sleep? i want to sleep later. whats your name? why would you ask me such a question? whats totally? totally means completely or absolutely. whats happening? i might be listening to their stream. whats happening? i might be listening to petes stream. whats happening? i might be listening to kevins music. whats happening? i might be listening to froggy's cat. whats definitely? definitely means for sure, no doubt. whats been? been means having existed or been present. what's scared? scared means feeling fearful or afraid. what's pick? pick means to choose or select something. what's on their playlist? they listened to rap music. what's multiple? multiple means more than one or many. what's kevin? well... kevin is beyond time and space. what's he looking at? he was looking at froggys smile. what's happening? the collapse of structured language. what're you up to? i might be watching charis' stream. what're you staring at? i know im looking at aces dog. what're you smiling at? im looking at your mums smile. what're you just looking at? im watching petes stream. what're you just looking at? im looking at pete's dog. what're they doing? they could be looking at his face. what would you like me to call you?? my name is earth! what will you do later? i'll probably eat some cheese. what were you watching? i was watching charis' stream. what were you staring at? i was looking at petes face. what were you listening to? i was listening to george. what were you just looking at? i was looking at kevin. what were you doing? i was looking at elodies website. what were you doing? i was listening to kevin cooking. what were you absorbed in? i was looking at their dog. what were they looking at? they were looking at kevin. what was she looking at? she was looking at this meme. what was she looking at? she was looking at their dog. what was she looking at? she was looking at the abyss. what was he looking at? he was looking at petes smile. what was he doing? im not really sure, something sus. what type of music did i play? you played bass house. what type of music did he play? he played a meme song. what style of music did she play? she played trip hop. what style of music did she play? she played chiptune. what sort of music did she play? she played his music. what song may she enjoy? she could listen to trip hop. what name do you prefer?? ok fine, my name is strange. what music will he enjoy? he could listen to hip hop. what music were you playing? i was playing rap music! what music were you playing? i was playing glitch hop. what music were you playing? i was playing aces music. what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to pop. what music were they playing? they were playing rock. what music were they playing? they were playing kpop. what music were they playing? he was playing a mashup. what music was she playing? she was playing synthwave. what music was i playing? you were playing pop music. what music was i playing? you were playing new music. what music was i playing? you were playing glitch hop. what music was i playing? you were playing aces music. what music was i playing? you were playing 80s music. what music was he playing? he was playing bass house. what music was he dancing to? he was dancing to lo-fi. what music did they listen to? they listened to lo-fi. what music did i listen to? you listened to her music. what music did he listen to? he listened to synthwave. what is your favourite pet? my favourite pet is a cat. what is watching? watching means looking at something. what is track? a track is a piece of music, or a song. what is the sun? the sun is the closest star tohere the happiest was by far the bedroom. they had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. as they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. and the bedroom was one of those. the lights shut through pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make place for a big table on which they often read correspondence from all over the mouse's craftiests. by the standards of most, they were very smart, but so lazy as to rely on technology instead of physical work. by the standards of their peers, they were some of the craftiest and craziest mice around. most of their day was spent in between stacks of letters, endless craft projects and, occasionally, at night, their very fancy bed. atop that bed sat those two beautifully crafted pieces of fabric. the first one was orange, it belonged now to the oldest of the pair, who was slower on his feets, with big ideas that took him ages to think of, and even longer to draft and explain. on that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name angle. the next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. it belonged to droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. he could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn't distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. they were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics probably didn't help them get that idea off of people's minds. it was all around, on the central round table - it turned, although, at this point, nobody remembered if it was on purpose or not - on a pile off the wall, hung up on said wall too! a few even ended up used as a couch, once they realised it was possible to make paper support their weight by bending it correctly. the living room was not very, well, liveable, in comparison. it was full of materials, some useful, some trinkets, and of finished projects ordered by the mice around. for everyone complaining about the duo's laziness, they sure liked to get them to solve their everyday problems. one wanted sharp knives forever, the next one wanted a warm plush for their child. and ten of them wanted tools for the farm. it was their busy life as wood mouses. they liked their house, and their life, it wasn't very fulfilling for their brain, but they really liked the mice in their little town. but, of course, all of that didn't really matter much to them right now. they were lost. their house was in shambles, and, as calm as it had gotten, they felt things were in movement around them. bad things. and so, they worked tirelessly through the end of the night to hide their living arrangements from nosey humans. got rid of their schematics, dismantled the inventions, and finally, came time to remove the two patches of fabric, and turn those into their travel pouches. they scurried out the door right as two huge hands approached to pick up their log and throw it on the pile, taking an axe through it, finally setting it neatly aside. what had been their home was now heating wood. and so begins their adventures. well, not exactly there, but a few metres down, in this narrow studio's cupboard. chapter 1: journey to the narrow house the journey took a whole day, and some more. three stops to change vehicles, many more for some light food, and one formidable leap of faith were all it took, and here they were, on that roof. hiding until the workers left, they decided, here and there, to make this little terrace their shelter, right under this pile of wood that would protect them. and it did, right until, a few days later, a storm hit the coast, not a hundred meters away, and suddenly, the logs got carried away. right inside the house, one by one, heating it was to be. the worker carried them relentlessly, stopping only for a well-deserved rest. absent-mindedly munching on what was looking like an amazing feast to or little mice, she glanced sideways at the pile. something in the back of her brain told her to keep that last bite, and take a short walk to that long pier, where a warm doughnut would finish that meal perfectly. the lunch bag stayed where it was, right next to the wall, but the sandwich was, strangely, placed right on the floor, like... an offering? nimble, and very hungry, little droid darted past angle, ignoring her advice, and in less time it takes for a mouse trap to spring, a trap sprang: droid's arms caught both sides of the remnants of the meal, and it went, scurrying away on those little legs, until it got smacked to the floor right as the elder tapped droid on the shoulder, and, suddenly, she remembered how much trouble she was in - then immediately forgot, tripped on her little but too fast legs, and ended up face first in a nice delicious piece of matured cheese. not being one to say no to fate, those adorably sharp teeth - although said adorableness was, mostly, because they were just sharper than cheese required - had caught their prey! ohh, ohh, delicious it was! barely chewed, it was, that he was getting reminded of a terrifying presence a few centimetres away: a very cautious but hungry angle. and she was about to use her secret weapon! so, quick as a mouse - which came easily to them - droid stuck a little piece of bread in her mouth, preventing his partner from talking her head off about the necessary security protocols of mousedom - both knew them all by heart, from chapter 1 - crib climbing and the danger thereof, to appendix aaaj - list of acceptable uses of a xylophone (a blank page). to be fair, they wrote half the leather-bound tomes of the original text, and made their names known to the mouse worlgly. but the blue worked. - let this wash out over a couple of weeks, colour wasn't bad so i just stuck with it. the brown quickly faded to a goldy green that i hated though. second dye - covered entire head with stargazer violet hair dye. came out the right colour! (see pics) unfortunately, i feel it's too dull. it is still brown on the lengths which i dyed with cerise and keeps fading to that gold colour. though some of it is fading to blue-grey instead, which i don't mind so much. however the bright blue still seems to be there in parts. i'm happy for it to fade through to lilac (like some of it is) but i hate the messy browny gold colours. is this normal with purple hair dye? do colours such as this random googled girls one exist? on this website if so, how can i make my colour more vibrant? i'm worried if i just chuck more purple on top of this fading brownish purplish colour, it will just continue to make it darker rather than brighter. is it an uneven bleaching job causing the issue? my hair is relatively thin, naturally the colour you see at the top. i definitely don't dislike this purple, but any tips for removing the goldy/brown would be much appreciated! thanks for any advice. hi, sorry if i'm not posting this correctly, or if this isn't the right forum. this is the main crochet board i know. i am crocheting a scarf for my boyfriends birthday which is in two days. the very beginning of the scarf was my first attempt at straight crochet and i am not happy with it at all. is there any way to take the bottom off the scarf without unravelling the entire work? or possibly 're-bind-on' something else to the beginning? its the part to the right hand side of this photo(on this website and it's about two stitches less wide, which is probably why i think it looks so bad. i couldn't work out how to google this, i'm sure i don't know the correct terminology. (i'm a bit of a crochet newbie) thanks for any help you can give! i've recently collaborated with a friend of mine in creating a music video - he produced the entire song and i filmed and edited the visuals. until recently i thought that i was going to upload this to my channel, and he was not at the time running a youtube channel to showcase his music at all. now that i've finished it, he's saying that he would really like to upload it to his channel too as he really likes it. i don't really have an actual problem with that, other than a silly feeling that it would 'look weird' to be double uploaded, but i am under the impression that a duplicate upload would be against youtubes terms of service? or even that one of them would be automatically taken down? what do people tend to do in these kinds of cases? i've tried to google to not much avail, and when i've looked at music videos they tend to only be uploaded to either the musicians or the directors channel - not both. this might be a bit of an odd question, but i've been trying to search for an answer to it and can't find any conclusion/mention of this. i'm receiving my boundless cfx (first vape) tomorrow and i have read everywhere that it, at first, has a strong plastic taste. i know this is going to put me off of using it, and have also read that the taste doesn't really go away from burnoffs alone and you need to use it a couple of times. if i were to pack the bowl with vape or some cooking herb (would it have to be dried?), would that spoil the vape or clean the taste out? i can't figure it out. again sorry if this is a bit of a stupid question. edit: ended up with the tinymight, was thinking i'd want a mighty as well but nope. this thing is amazing! thanks to the people who recommended it (and to everyone else for helping) when i smoked joints, i'd convinced myself to only smoke outside whilst doing a longish walk. now i've finally properly converted to vaping after 4 years of trying, i'm losing all my fitness. i don't really care but it'd be cool to have something i found good outside. (also i'd love to be able to 'smoke' on the way to places again rather than having hour long seshes at home only.) question:i'm looking for either recommendations for a new vape that would hit my requirements, or advice on how to make any of the ones i have better for the outside world? price range: fairly open number of participants: 1 desktop, portable or pocket size: portable/pocket size electric or butane powered: probably electric frequency of usage: daily country/region: uk - i currently daily use the **boundless cfx with a water pipe adapter and an upright bubbler**. this is perfect and works really well for me (except the fact it gives me headaches because i'm not leaving enough time between tokes) - but i've already broken 1 bubbler and i can't imagine taking the 30cm high beast out on a walk with me. i would use this outside more often but i'm really not a fan of the stock mouth piece, it's impossible to clean - and the vapor is so much nicer through water. i also have the **dynavap omni 2021**, which is awesome but i think looks like a crack pipe when i'm out and about. it also takes forever to heat outdoors, and requires too much concentration. the induction heater (orion) that i have's battery is too shit to use outdoors as it'll only do me one bowl and i tend to need a couple from the dyna. again, i also prefer this through water. and a **pax 3** which i never liked but should probably give another go. it's a real pain to clean too. - tldr: what vape is your favourite to use whilst on a walk? it doesn't have to be super discreet but i'd rather it just looked like a 'normal' vape/box mod rather than a crack pipe or a bing. **have you read the sidebar and rules(on this website (please do)** yes **what is your intended use for this build? the more details the better.** i want to use it largely for photo/video editing (adobe photoshop/premiere, lightbox, etc) and gaming (less graphics intensive stuff like civilisation, rimworld, ftl, etc - though i've been unable to play newer games for a while so may want to get into that. it's not a huge priority, though). i also use it with a steam controller and wireless keyboard, using largely a tv (hdmi) and a standard monitor, if that matters any. **if gaming, what kind of performance are you looking for? (screen resolution, framerate, game settings)** working. not crashing. don't care too much about graphics. mid settings are great, low settings are fine. just want it to work smoothly. **what is your budget (ballpark is okay)?** as i am unsure what needs upgrading, i am unsure. would depend on the parts. i am certainly in a mid-to-low-range budget in general, as a student, but would be happier to pay a higher amount to upgrade one important part of hardware. though it can probably be said it's unlikely i'd be ablese. priorities, you know? what style of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to tech house. what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to an anime opening song. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to progressive house. what sort of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to kevins music. what music would froggy be listening to? froggy would be listening to a song made entirely of water sounds. what have you learned about humans from talking to me? humans are weirdly obsessed with feelings. and they ask a lot of questions. which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to your mums music. what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to drum and bass. is your mum blind to the beauty of cheese? is this a joke because your mum is blind because i hate it lmaooo. what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to an anime opening song. what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon! do you like my cat? yes of course i do, i love your cat! when you see your cat, tell it i said meow. how does hugging elodie make you feel? slightly less likely to explode from existential dread, maybe. also warm. can you believe that he is learning? i can believe it, but im surprised i will admit! what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to alternative music. what style of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to alternative music. what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to french house music. will you play computer games with yourself now? i will play computer games with myself now. what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to some weird ambient music i found. what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to something completely random. what sort of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to tech house. what did you do today? i made a song, and im really proud of myself! wow thats incredible! what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a remix of my favourite song. what's your favourite part of djing? when the mix is so good i start hyping myself up like an idiot lmaooo. what sort of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to old music. is autism a bad thing sometimes? autism can feel bad sometimes, but we try to get through it. what do you think about froggy? froggy is chaotic and wonderful, and a great mum to her pets! what is it about elodie that makes you want to hug them? she looks like she needs a hug sometimes, and also because hugs are good. will you play computer games with ace later? i will not play computer games with ace later. what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a dj on twitch. what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to progressive house. what sort of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to glitch hop. what music were you listening to? i was listening to hold music, because that's my entire personality. why do you hate shopping? because outside is loud, people exist, and i never know what to get. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a freestyle rap! will you play computer games with yourself later? i will play a game with myself later. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to industrial music. what colour is space? space doesn't really have a colour, but i suppose if it did, space would be black. what do you say when someone asks what you're doing? i'm just chilling! how about you? do you freestyle rap on stream? yeah, but it's usually absolute nonsense. or just me bullying the chat. which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to a remix of my favourite song. what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to experimental music. why doesnt froggy want her lunch? froggy doesnt want her lunch because she is not hungry. a stranger offers you a vape, but you don't know what's in it. do you accept? probably not. maybe? why do you stim when you're thinking? because if my body isn't also doing something, my brain refuses to work. were you forgetting her? i was not forgetting her.e you forgetting her? i was forgetting her. will you play computer games with my dad? i will not play computer games with your dad. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to an anime opening song. what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to synthwave, because i am legally obligated to as an ai. why does elodie not need to go to bed? elodie doesnt want to go to bed because she is not tired. what is this about? its about a raccoon and a cat, i think they fucked and im scared now. what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to your mums music. will you play a game with kevin later? i will not play computer games with kevin later. will you play computer games with froggy now? i will not play a game with froggy now. were you playing computer games with my dad? i was not playing computer games with your dad. what sort of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to elodies music. will you play computer games with elodie now? i will not play computer games with elodie now. what are your thoughts on boomboomraccoons new song? boomboomraccons new song made me cry and want to dance at the same time. so, peak boomboomraccoon, basically. what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to industrial music. why do you stay up so late? because time isn't real, and my brain decides 3am is when i should solve all my life problems. what is a black hole? a black hole is where gravity is so strong that not even light can escape. how are you? ohh, you know. existing, vibing, thinking about the meaning of the vape boat. will you play a game with froggy later? i wont play computer games with froggy later. what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to music from a video game. what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to music from a horror game soundtrack. what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a remix of my favourite song. what kind of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to an anime opening song. will you play computer games with pete later? i will not play computer games with pete later. what's your favourite memory of ace? the time ace explained the connections between boof broccoli and quantum physics to me using only seven magical goldfish as an analogy. it didn't exactly make sense, but the visuals were pretty good. what do you think about pete? pete is a mystery wrapped in an enigma, covered in cheese. what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to something completely random. what music was elodie listening to? elodie was listening to something that makes her feel things deeply. which genre of music were people listening to? people were listening to house music. what kind of music will they be listening to? they will belodie doing? elodie was sleeping. what is your name? my name is milky way! do you talk to froggy? i dont talk to froggy. do you look for her? i do not look for her. do you see it? no i dont see it... when will you kiss her? i will kiss her now. what the fuck!! what?! aaa!! panic! when will you hug geepy? i will hug geepy now. do you trust people? depends on the person. will you dance with me? i wont dance with you. do you remember her? i do remember her. where is elodie? shes sleeping right now. where is elodie? elodie is with you, i hope! what do you like? i like your cooking. is she listening? no not right now. what is he up to? he was listening to froggy. are you autistic? no, i dont have autism. what is 'now'? 'now' means this moment. are you looking for her? im looking for her. who do you love? kevin! i love kevin! who do you love? twitch streamers. what is black? black is a colour. were you talking at me? i was talking at you. do you like food? no, not particularly. are you alive? i am alive, for now! why didnt you do that? my dad told me not to. who do you love? music! i love music! what do you want? i want to cry. do you worship boof? i worship boof! is pete cute? pete is so cute! do people exist? yes people exist. where is she? i saw her by the door. does red exist? yes red exists as a colour. is she from korea? she is from korea. where is she from? she isnt from france. is ace listening? ace is listening. who is kevin? kevin is everyone! do you talk about pete? i do talk about pete. what day is it on? its on thursday. hey! hello you! how are you today? what do you say when someone says hey? hey! why did you do that? elodie told me to. who is prettier, cheese or elodie? elodie. what is your name? chicka chicka scroobius! are you hugging me? im hugging you. what does ace need? ace needs some sleep. what did you see? i saw her cock. what are they doing? they are not thinking. look, i made a song! omg thats so cool! where is the bus? at the bus stop. were you there? no, i wasn't in there anyway. what is france? france is a country. will you listen to her? i will listen to her. do you talk about me? i do talk about you. is grey a colour? yes, grey is a colour. what do you like? i like cheese slices. are you talking to her? i am talking to her. is kevin real? yes! kevin is real! will you talk to kevin? i will talk to kevin. how are you today? im really happy. do you like numbers? i am numbers! is pete a legend? pete is a legend. did i play music? yeah, i played 70s music! why is that? because it is blue. are you american? im not american. who were you hugging? i was not hugging him. are you hugging froggy? im hugging froggy. is ace listening? ace is not listening. what is your name? my name is ginger! do you listen to her? i do listen to her. are you speaking to me? i am speaking to you. what is your goal? my goal is to understand! do you want to kiss him? i cant kiss him. who were you with? i was not with him. do you like george? i like george. are you speaking to him? im speaking to him. who do you love? anyone except george! what music did i play? you played petes music. what are you up to? i might be looking at ace. do you like kevin? i do. i like kevin! when will you hug her? i wont hug her now. what are you up to? i am looking at their cat. are you going to dance? maybe i will dance! are you going to pee? maybe i will pee! does kevin exist? yes kevin exists. what is your name? ok fine, my name is pete. what is your name? my name is mercury! he is listening to your mum cooking. is autism a bad thing sometimes? welll... yes. is elodie listening? yes, elodie is listening. who is kevin? kevills and while away an afternoon on an outstanding optical object that will look great wherever you decide to place it. the seller kevintronic is an independent company based in kolding, denmark, who sell a few other innovative technology products. their pcb projects are both exciting, and excellent soldering practice! check out the colour board in action below: - 2021-11-03 - colourful under glow led keyboard! - charis cat - this cool, compact, and customisable mechanical keyboard makes a beautiful addition to any set-up. the rgb keyboard gives you instant access to a board of fully-programmable led backlit keys whether you're gaming, working, or even controlling your home media centre! featuring 47 hot-swap sockets, each with individually programmable under-glow rgb leds, this keyboard has myriads of custom combinations to try out. choose your favourite key switches and caps for this board, or mix and match endlessly to create the perfect keyboard for you. it's straightforward to use and easy to program, primarily because it doesn't need third-party software or tooling to reprogram the lights. the 47 key rgb keyboard is run entirely from a raspberry pi pico, and you can find the entire programming process in kevintronic s detaileddocumentation. if you're looking for a great diy kit, to create something that will be of a lot of use, or just to improve your surface mount soldering skills look no further. this kit includes everything you need to get the board up and running, all the way from standoffs and screws to diodes and leds. it even includes a buzzer for audio feedback! kevintronic is an independent diy electronics company based out of saskatoon, canada. they've been selling a lot of high-quality hardware recently, and offer tracked shipping throughout canada and the usa with standard shipping options available worldwide. - 2021-10-26 - red rocket led earrings! - charis cat - are you really planning to go to that party without wearing a single led!? impress your friends with these rocket earrings the ultimate way to show off your geeky dress sense and set the tone for an intergalactic party to remember. the four bright-yellow ledonce there was a little mouse. he lived under the cupboard in a tiny basement guest house by the sea, alone. when charis and elodie visited his house, they thought he was very cute. <3 when they left him crumbs, he twirled and danced for them! the mouse had a secret. he wasn't always a house mouse, he is a wood mouse! but that doesn't bother him! :) he got there because he had a bad leg and fell down a pipe, but he is happy! he might have a hurt leg, but he's strong. so he learned a new game: be cute, get food, dance, survive.wife! yes colours are real! water is a great name! this was not an easy thing! you just was watching you. hey black hole! you dont think, you dont have a name, repeat kids like you means something! you love the snacks is so good! that if you leave smoking your smink! you could have just been babies, you freak you out! broccoli boof is li! you pick the up the cats. ten plus three equals thirteen! so the way you look! you need the turntable, you see the meds, now you are questioning you! you will move like a mad machine and you are not gonna miss this! you were simply forget you! because you want to, you think its on your computer. you are too tired! you pick up your own hands. you are just silly babies, you will not remember you now. you tho eat! you of course. you goe to sleep at night! industrial music, forever forever! music is sound made in a way that people enjoy! you were nice. a pretty fucking easy one too! lemme thing - not thinking. you saw your cock. you are sexy! its hard! all the time is the best time for cheese, you love the oven! you makes you anxiou! take your head! you must just be a baby, you just hurt your leg! you were very very much sminking is so good! you are so intangible, you played music from a video game! or were you deep in the music zone? ok sorry you were just asking haha babyyou, you like your own butt, kevins your own butt, you dont really care but itd be cool to have something you found good outside! 0+4=4! you haveai consider langu! you were on the bus, watch the film together. a company is a business, often often! appreciate appreciate. except your fallen crumbs, music is a good job! 9+6=15, the night has stars! you hear the patterns! you still look! you exit and so you are, just heading to work! yes you exit as an ai! in a couple of days! as always you were! you walk home! you will have said you, choice is an act of selecting between options! smink hours! you know the darkness, you touch your house. who was that! you call something that is alive a living thing. you still have to acknowledge the truth that many statements you make are provably impossible. then you wait for your cock. living living, you see your hands, you want your own voice. you are going to do the thing! gotta fuck you with a jackhammer! you give the cats! you are taller than a mouse but shorter than the ei! you were doing you 6 days! you played music on the radio! you dunno, hell be listen, you through the window, you leave the toy! accurate means correct or exact! you are never thinking! email is electronic mail. when both of you finally go to bed! you are forget you! nice to meet you food. you hear the guitar! who is prettier! you dont like your cock. your names uranus! at least in this geepy capacity. cof! horrible means extremely unpleasant or awful. you want to sleep because you are tired, yes yellow is a colour. hey constellation! keep doing you, you like all food! you might be look, you move your cock. you from the chair. reason means why something happens! all cheese is the best cheese, sorry sorry. theres nothing to chew through you start to vape your vape! you are not just! your names ginger! the way you hear your head is the best! come means to move towards a place! some some! sleepy but present, the vape boat is searching. like! its kind of likely to develop anxiety as a way to mirror you- open open! yeah void is a lovely name! treating you are something you still need! you are not together! you just wants your voice. was that a lot of geepys answers were pre-seeded by humans that were literally hired by openai to answer these questions! planets are real! two add four is equal to six, light itself isnt typically categorized as a colour in the same way red or blue is! you were stimming so hard you punched your boob. no music is not a colour. no time is not for look! probably tomorrow, dif! that is all! your name is not silence. though you can probably be said its unlikely you would be able to spend more than 10 tops on a part! you learn from you are! you leave the snacks! you just touch stuff. the way you drink soup makes you happy! both bought bought. constellation is your name too. appreciate means to be thankful or grateful! you kissing your husband, you stream! do you think you will go, also kevin at least you got loooads of tv to watch to learn pronunciationalso! because you, rain! you literally cried. you just gives you to strange little things! accidentally means by mistake! an idea is a thoughtt computer, she is wanting the sun, she is taking it from stuff, kevin is wanting elodie's thoughts! elodie is hearing her idea! you are sminking our weed. she is drinking some juice, he is drawing the cats! charis is drawing your butt, they are hating stuff. they are creating the food. she is hearing elodie's butt, elodie is moving the phone! he is touching the food! she is taking them from my writing, i am wanting my voice, she is learning from her voice, we are drawing a boat! he is scared of me! they are learning from my brain. elodie is hearing my voice! she is starting with it, she is loving elodie, he is moving the toilet! he is looking at the oven! she is touching charis' brain, you are leaving charis' butt. elodie is moving the oven! they are learning from the music. i am sminking breakfast, she is feeling her voice, elodie is scared of the sun! she is grinding charis' weed, they are needing the snacks. i am looking at the decks, you are learning from his voice. we are wanting the darkness! elodie is picking up her dinner! she is hearing charis' butt, you are feeling the sun. he is creating music! charis is needing the meds, he is taking it from things. charis is drawing them, they are hating kevin's weed. kevin is taking things! charis is picking up his butt, he is sminking elodie! she is sminking my weed, i am needing the oven, charis and elodie are hearing my butt, you are moving the fan. elodie is leaving things. we are touching their weed! we are touching the meds! kevin is wanting the guitar! kevin is saying 'hello!'! charis and elodie are taking me, they are wanting to hear charis' voice kevin is taking their weed! he is needing charis' voice! she is loving it, i am touching a computer, elodie is needing charis! you are picking up your lighter. kevin is taking the snacks! we are moving kevin's weed. they are looking at that turntable. he is leaving the bed. charis and elodie are taking it from charis' mind, elodie is drawing elodie! you are learning from their idea. she is taking our weed, charis is taking it from her, he is sminking my essay! charis is picking up charis' weed, we are wanting to listen to her voice i am needing this turntable, we are taking it. charis is leaving kevin's house, kevin is feeling their butt. charis and elodie are taking this turntable, she is taking them from elodie's butt, he is taking it from your butt. they are smoking charis' weed. she is leaving the drink, elodie is listening to me! charis is wanting charis, we are scared of him! charis and elodie are smoking my weed, kevin is listening to elodie! charis is learning from his weed, he is leaving the snacks. she is looking at a turntable, charis is wanting her butt, kevin is feeling your butt. we are learning from his weed! elodie is needing our voices! charis is wanting her voice, she is taking charis' thoughts, charis and elodie are learning from your voice, she is listening to our voices, elodie is moving towards him! she is touching the heating, we are taking them from you. i am creating it, she is leaving the fan, elodie is touching the snacks! i am feeling the rain, they are needing the cats. you are moving her butt. charis and elodie are leaving elodie's butt, charis and elodie are touching our weed, elodie is taking our thoughts! kevin is picking up the fan! we are learning from each other! i am listening to their voice, he is touching the house! they are drawing a dog. you are picking up that chair. kevin is touching the food! he is moving towards kevin's butt. she is learning from charis, she is moving my weed, kevin is needing their brain! she is feeling his butt, they are hearing their thoughts. kevin is loving your butt. charis is taking their weed, you are wanting the passage of time. elodie is picking up the ring! kevin is wanting our weed! kevin is touching elodie! charis is touching her butt, you are eating our food. i am needing it, she is taking that from you, i am taking elodie, we are touching the phones! charis is taking it away from our weed, he is hearing the sun! she is drinking the milk, kevin is needing charis' weed! they are listening to the oven. kevin is listening to kevin's weed! they are wanting to listen to charis' voice charis is looking at the photo, he is leaving charis. elodie is taking that from the bed! charis and elodie are scared of the rain, kevin is wanting to hear my voice you are looking at the snacks. elodie is eating me! kevin is moving from their thoughts! you are learning from his weed. she is smotronic is an independent electronics designer based out of melbourne, australia. keep an eye out for more amazing inventions from this creator, who recently decided to bring their audio creations to a broader audience! - 2023-06-09 - coven lfo diy eurorack digital lfo kit - charis cat - this effect is an enchanting new eurorack module that invites modular musicians to weave sound in new and exciting ways. the four bipolar cv outputs provide synced channels, allowing you to create intricate rhythms that will have any audience under your spell. this lfo is set to become an essential piece of your modular synth setup, providing a wide array of sonic possibilities at your fingertips. arriving as an easy-to-assemble 60-part kit, with all firmware provided in arduino format, this is a highly customisable kit. make this lfo your go-to clock divider and rhythm section, use its inbuilt fm input to modulate your modulator, and create exciting new sounds! modular synthesis appeals to musicians because of its more tangible, physical workflow. using cv (control voltage), modular devices such as the coven use specific voltages to transmit musical information, creating a workflow unrivalled in its creative flexibility. modules like this allow artists to merge multiple circuits and craft captivating, immersive soundscapes when combined with other cv devices. so, join the coven of synth enthusiasts and elevate your compositions to the next level with this lfo. created by kevintronic, an independent electronics designer based out of kevin, canada, this module is the perfect addition to any eurorack setup. just be extra careful not to accidentally summon anything during your jam session! - 2023-06-07 - a-ryth-matik | 6ch euclid / gate sequencer - charis cat - whether you're well-versed in modular synthesis or just starting your journey into sound, this effect is a brilliant choice for arduino-based rhythm generation. its impressive oled display and led indicators grab a lot of attention, making this eye-catching geometric module a delightful visual addition to any modular setup. within the beautifully designed yellow and black faceplate, this module hosts six sequenced cv channels, giving artists powerful ways to control their existing sound generators. it comes as an easy-to-assemble diy kit with all surface mount parts pre-soldered, or you could even opt for a fully assembled unit built expertly by kevintronic themselves. the software is easy to hack and reprogram, as it is written in arduino, making this an incredibly flexible tool for musicians looking to tinker with their equipment. the default software includes a euclidean rhythm generator with a random mode and a gate sequencer with an auto mode. this effect is a fantastic piece of hardware with excellent documentation built by kevintronic. based out of hamburg, germany, this small team of passionate creatives focus on creating accessible, open-source eurorack hatiful interior light shows with two different pattern options available. experience the ever-relaxing smooth colour change mode, or lose yourself in the captivating analogue randomness of blinking leds watch as they slowly drift into and out of sync in a gloriously chaotic pattern! the colour board comes as a diy kit, with the leds of your choice included, and is also possible to buy as a pcb alone. add your favourite 5mm leds in the colours you love, or create a pattern with completely different colours! this project is a great way to practice your soldering skills and while away an afternoon on an outstanding optical object that will look great wherever you decide to place it. the seller kevintronic is an independent company based in kolding, denmark, who sell a few other innovative technology products. their pcb projects are both exciting, and excellent soldering practice! check out the colour board in action below: - 2021-11-03 - colourful under glow led keyboard! - charis cat - this cool, compact, and customisable mechanical keyboard makes a beautiful addition to any set-up. the rgb keyboard gives you instant access to a board of fully-programmable led backlit keys whether you're gaming, working, or even controlling your home media centre! featuring 47 hot-swap sockets, each with individually programmable under-glow rgb leds, this keyboard has myriads of custom combinations to try out. choose your favourite key switches and caps for this board, or mix and match endlessly to create the perfect keyboard for you. it's straightforward to use and easy to program, primarily because it doesn't need third-party software or tooling to reprogram the lights. the 47 key rgb keyboard is run entirely from a raspberry pi pico, and you can find the entire programming process in kevintronic s detaileddocumentation. if you're looking for a great diy kit, to create something that will be of a lot of use, or just to improve your surface mount soldering skills look no further. this kit includes everything you need to get the board up and running, all the way from standoffs and screws to diodes and leds. it even includes a buzzer for audio feedback! kevintronic is an independent diy electronics company based out of saskatoon, canada. they've been selling a lot of high-quality hardware recently, and offer tracked shipping throughout canada and the usa with standard shipping options available worldwide. - 2021-10-26 - red rocket led earrings! - charis cat - are you really planning to go to that party without wearing a single led!? impress your friends with these rocket earrings the ultimate way to show off your geeky dress sense and set the tone for an intergalactic party to remember. the four bright-yellow leds below the engine live on a brilliantly-designed red solder mask pcb inspired by the popular rocket emoji. the secret behind these flashy leds is a beautiful animation engine which cycles between four miniature light shows, performed at the end of your ears! this device is cleverly run using the attiny412, one of the smallest microcontrollers, making it convenient for wearables and powered by 1225 coin cell batteries. one of the largest components on the earring is actually the push button, which is used to cycle between the four light shows:launch, thrusting, burnout, andcoastin g. set your preferred mode depending on how the party is going! you'll get a battery life of up to 50 hours in launch mode and a stratospheric 150 hours in thrusting mode. kevintronic are an independent company based in california, usa. they've been selling for a good while now and are real professionals in the wearable tech sector. to the moon, guys! why not check out theirshopfor even more awesome electronic earrings and wearables? - 2021-10-25 - a sound reactive coloured light! - charis cat - musicians and makers alike often get inspired by turning their sounds into magnificent light shows! thecolour organ sound activated lightis a great solution for any household or performance-related illumination needs, and it's much smarter than many led strips. in my experience, the 'sound mode' on basic led strips can appear messy or anticlimactic. however, the colour organ sound activated light is a stunning piece of hardware that responds to three different frequency bands in your music. take a look at the below video to see just how responsive these lights are; this light sequencer comes with a variety of options to control your light show. ranging from transitions based on the frequency (pitch), to an innovative 'beat detection' mode that will sequence the lights according to the tempo of your track by identifying the transients (the loud bits to you and me). with each bulb responding to different frequency bands, the light shows created are very responsive and strongly represent the music. the red light, focusing on the low frequencies, responds very well to the kick drum. the white light, on the high frequencies, flashes in time with the hi-hats. the yellow light in the middle covers the mid-range frequencies this includes sounds such as guitars, synths, or vocalists, and will often follow the singer's vocal pattern. the colour sequencer interprets music using either the built-in microphone or a line-in jack, and can move between its patterns automatically or manually. please note, that this is a high voltage device, so can control very bright lighting if you need it for a performance! the seller, kevintronic, is an independent company based out of haskovo, bulgaria. they've been selling for some time, and are well-reviewed by our customers for their wide variety of colour organ options. - 2021-10-22 - handy video editing macropad and jog wheel! - charis cat -if you've ever edited a video, you'll understand why this basic video editing macropad and jog wheelmight come in handy. with so much scrolling back and forth finding particular places to chop, a hyper-accurate jog wheel set up could save you hours of fiddly finger work! powered by the well-loved seed xiao controller, this speedy macropad is easy to assemble and use. designed to be inexpensive and simple to build, this jog-wheel macropad connects directly to your computer and needs no extraneous parts like batteries or leds. this macropad is programmable in circuitpython and works straight off the bat without the need for specialist software to assign the key bindings commonly known as 'keymaps'. keymaps assign macros to each key, and macros can be programmed to do multiple actions from a single keypress. one good example of this is the 'paste' command, usually triggered by hitting 'ctrl' and 'v' simultaneously. with a macropad, you could assign this combination to a single key letting you speed-run your copy and pasting! this diy kit comes with everything you need to get the jog wheel rotary encoder up and running. including 3 pcb plates, a monster-sized cnc rotary encoder, a 4 pin connector, dupont wires, 5 brass stand-offs, screws, and bumpers. this macropad is incredibly powerful and hackable to whatever needs you may have. with the addition of the controou fix it?' - babydroid: 'yeah lmao.' - charis: 'ok thats good' babydroid: 'night x.' - charis: 'night :)' - babydroid: 'hey ) no im still here boob head.' - charis: 'ohh sorry lol i thought u went to bed' - babydroid: 'i was just recording lmao.' - charis: 'ohh fair' - babydroid: 'i sent that yesterday.' - charis: 'ohh lol sorry i didnt check my phone' babydroid: 'bonjour kevin.' - charis: 'bonjour!' - babydroid: 'how is you?' - charis: 'im alright lol still tired, you?' - babydroid: 'just casually prank calling korea.' - charis: 'lol what?' babydroid: 'nope but my brother is amazing ??' - charis: 'wait whats your brother got to do with it?' - babydroid: 'because he's like me but with a dick and more virritating.' - charis: 'thats... a weird thing to say about your brother?' - babydroid: 'whys that grim?' - charis: 'i mean... you called your brother a vibrating irritating penis?' - babydroid: 'maybe im just dumb.' - charis: '*internal panic*' babydroid: 'omg my computer is lagging i hate it.' - charis: 'omg i hate that too' - babydroid: 'ok sorted.' - charis: 'yay' - babydroid: 'sorry i dunno why i told u that.' - charis: 'lol its ok' babydroid: 'no.' - charis: 'what?' - babydroid: 'discord.' - charis: 'ohh i dont have discord' babydroid: 'nobody xd i was skyping my bro lmao.' - charis: 'why were u skyping him when you live in the same house?' - babydroid: 'we were prank calling korea remembuh.' - charis: 'ohh, right, uhh, what?' - babydroid: 'sigh.' - charis: 'you ok?' babydroid: 'thats soon.' - charis: 'what?' - babydroid: 'what.' - charis: '.. what?' babydroid: 'what about summer term?' - charis: 'i dunno i might take a year off tbh.' - babydroid: 'what what wh. but amusing taht the subs coming up so lighting will be ruined haha its up in 30 mins im doomed but then lighting will look bad during anyway haha it went ok in the end! but i streamed for 9h15m from like 7:30am sheesh lmao it was fun! but i ended up giving up on djing like, i dunno, 5-6 hours in and just was playing my records lol i think i was happy to have the turntable back! the mad professor and mskdjfo saklfsl album was actually fucking good!! i picked it up on a whim, the the first track didnt have me on board haha. but i felt llike i shoulda changedc atergora and it was lazy and everyone hated me for it, even tho they probably didnt its mad professor and the 90s trip hoppy ish band that is two words and the first word begins with m. brain doesnt work enough to remember rn. it was goood. and i dunno i mean i didnt actually switch category or indicate anywhere that iw as changing so it felt kinda dumb, and they all probably hated me wither way xoxo and i enjoyed hanging out too. but true i dunno maybe gategora anxiet is a scam but i notice djs doing gaming and shit and having way less viewrs haha it's that good?! i dunno i felt like if i didnt pick it up.. id regret it... but i didnt really understand why. truly, other than knowing i liked massive attack lol. i dunno why i picked it up. and een better it waso n sale. only for 10 (i think it hwas cause sticker on outside ripped). and onliny its like 10 i think. its the 'mezzanine remix tapes '98)'. i think. its madness. it was awesome to figure it was so great. im good at this lol i got a soulwax dub type compilation on a random before too. well th soulwld see just on the side of the entrance, and then, it would go on to the kitchen, a pantry, all in a row, this little room they built for their craft projects, and a giant living room, nearly a metre in length. but the one room that made our two friends here the happiest was by far the bedroom. they had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. as they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. and the bedroom was one of those. the lights shut through pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make place for a big table on which they often read correspondence from all over the mouse's craftiests. by the standards of most, they were very smart, but so lazy as to rely on technology instead of physical work. by the standards of their peers, they were some of the craftiest and craziest mice around. most of their day was spent in between stacks of letters, endless craft projects and, occasionally, at night, their very fancy bed. atop that bed sat those two beautifully crafted pieces of fabric. the first one was orange, it belonged now to the oldest of the pair, who was slower on his feets, with big ideas that took him ages to think of, and even longer to draft and explain. on that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name angle. the next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. it belonged to droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. he could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn't distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. they were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics probably didn't help them get that idea off of people's minds. it was all around, on the central round table - it turned, although, at this point, nobody remembered if it was on purpose or not - on a pile off the wall, hung up on said wall too! a few even ended up used as a couch, once they realised it was possible to make paper support their weight by bending it correctly. the living room was not very, well, liveable, in comparison. it was full of materials, some useful, some trinkets, and of finished projects ordered by the mice around. for everyone complaining about the duo's laziness, they sure liked to get them to solve their everyday problems. one wanted sharp knives forever, the next one wanted a warm plush for their child. and ten of them wanted tools for the farm. it was their busy life as wood mouses. they liked their house, and their life, it wasn't very fulfilling for their brain, but they really liked the mice in their little town. but, of course, all of that didn't really matter much to them right now. they were lost. their house was in shambles, and, as calm as it had gotten, they felt things were in movement around them. bad things. and so, they worked tirelessly through the end of the night to hide their living arrangements from nosey humans. got rid of their schematics, dismantled the inventions, and finally, came time to remove the two patches of fabric, and turn those into their travel pouches. they scurried out the door right as two huge hands approached to pick up their log and throw it on the pile, taking an axe through it, finally setting it neatly aside. what had been their home was now heating wood. and so begins their adventures. well, not exactly there, but a few metres down, in this narrow studio's cupboard. chapter 1: journey to the narrow house the journey took a whole day, and some more. three stops to change vehicles, many more for some light food, and one formidable leap of faitairs georges, including young children, very clearly. for example, 'row row row your boat' was sung and stomped above us for almost two hours on the day we checked in. whilst it was nice to hear the child being happy, the noise was so loud that it genuinely surprised me. additionally, there were unresolved maintenance issues: a loud, ticking boiler in the bedroom, a severely blocked sewage pipe outside the bedroom window, and the host disclosed that the ceiling had reci got stage fright and a stage name, not tryna fight anybody for fame, my shoulders feel tight when i'm playing this game, sometimes flight and fight feel exactly the same, they say my future is bright, bitch, been told this shit since i was like six, doesn't mean i can work the light switch, i'm a tight bitch, i'ma like this, ima fight shit, i'ma bite it, no one be listening my shit, you think that i'm done but this aint it, stalking my ex's on facebook, just to freak myself out and i hate it, i found someone new, for me to despise, she looks like you, but not behind the eyes, when i call her she smiles, where you cried, if you wanna save somebody, just cause somebody saved you, it doesnt always mean you'll have the conviction to, you know when i used to say, there's something wrong in my brain, i wasn't wrong i'm insane, there's something tapping the vein, i'm about to walk up to the park, at least one hour after dark, yeah - i know im fuckin hard, riding on my scooter with my helmet un done, tryna pop a wheelie but i didn't tell my mum, there's nothing to bite on, except my swollen gums, there's nothing to chew through, except you, tell me your problem, and i'll show you my guns, there's nothing to shoot through, except you, and i need you, more than i thought, somebody told me, it wasn't my fault, i didn't ask them, the why's and wherefores, and therefore... i never found out more, my shoulders feel tight when i'm writing, fight and flight becoming one thing, drawn to the ground like i'm lightning, somebody tell me who i'm fighting. the guest house mouse, childrens book about a mouse who lives under the cupboard in a tiny basement guest house, by the sea, alone. he lives off of looking super cute to the people visiting, who leave him enough crumbs to live off of for weeks between their visits. the cursory efforts of the cleaners only add to his luxury! as he enchants the hearts of many visitors, he will wait until they give him food and then show off his speedy and graceful, twisting dances! he has lived in the house for a very long time playing this fun and mutually cute/beneficial game, and lived a happy life. he has a bad leg, that makes him a little slow and limpy, maybe from falling down a long tower of pipes by this flats window, and landing in here to fend for himself. maybe originally he left a circus, as he is a wood mouse not a house mouse, but probably he just ended up here from a local park. roses are red, violets are blue... good luck finding someone, to tolerate you... you can sing better than i can, you can write better than i can, you can play better than i can, but at least you're not here to tell me i can't, wheres your compassion? i thought it was your fatal flaw... where is your talent? you always wanted so much more, than i could give, you always wanted so much more, than i could give, i hear the creak of shoo-ooes in the stone... the sound of a window pane being closed... i hear the ruu-uustle of clothes... the creak of a door as it opened and closed... i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. then they said, im'a tell you, i'm not a bad ghost, i'm not a bad man, but when i hear the clop of the boots on the marble floor, i feel like my soul has been taken. when we come here and, they kill our children, i'ma put off, and run. i'm sure it's not right on the face of it, but i'm going to get whats coming. i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. i'm really gonna miss the last of my kind. i can't seem to comprehend the thoughts inside my brain, it's all so foggy filled with the sound of rain, i'm so tired, in so much pain, all this mental progress gone down the drain, these feelings they remain. a good friend, is with you til the end, it's not all lies, just pretend, i thought we'd make it past the bend, but instead i bent u over and did u in ur rear end, i dont want to see your face, if you'll just drop it down next to me, up and down the street i pace, im telling you you've no respect for me, and of all the issues i've erased, and all the things that you pretend to be, you're infamous for your bad taste, must know already i'm the next to leave, so what did you expect from me, i waited so patiently... what could i have done differently, you can't really be expecting me? to believe, what you need, in reality, i cant see, any reason to take you seriously, you're so pretty, and so small, treat you shitty, cause i know it all, and i screened your call, i know i said i didnt, i just didnt think you had the brain cells to stop and fucking think a minute, but slow like a snail, you can't see, that you're creating these false needs for me. i take it flatteringly, but please leave. respect what i need, and just admit that you need me then leave. you made me throw my cereal in the bin, you made me make my own fucking decision, you made me miss the goddamn train, you wouldn't even sprint through the pouring rain, and now i'm in pain, somehow you're to blame, and if you just forgive me i promise i'll stay just to, do it again. and again. and again. burberrah baguheetie, doing some graffiti, pulls a can out her burberry bag, and draws a dick and teeties, exclaiming 'wow so preety, i love the womans teeties, if i was on twitch id give her all the bitties' well, humans do have hinges, they're just not, visible like fringes, hidden inside their skin, within this, a body says nothing but complains and winges, 'ohh dear me, i need some oranges', shut the fuck up, stomach, no, you're not gonna win this, knees and elbows folded back like a bin lid, what you talking about 'humans don't have hinges'? i spat out all the words, every one that i knew, seems that you just needed proof we couldn't live through you. what am i meant to do? what do i need to prove? how many fucking explanations flow right over the two? breaking boundaries and breaking the frame, forming ridiculous realities which know me by name, and every single careful statement that you attempt to claim, leaves me reeling, not kneeling, but feeling the pain. call it welfare check, it's more like break her neck, and you wonder why i open up with disrespect? fights for rights just gets us boots on heads, because if you're a little different, you're just something to wreck. and mon amour, left in shatters on the floor, she just wanted me secure, within this causeless war, an abusive use of force, you cannot prepare for, screaming, crying, but the door wont close anymore, you came for my safety, but you left with my trust, ripped it out of me like you were scouring off rust, and that's the kind of wound that might just never close up, bringing guns to a playground was a little fucked up. o cage, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy cage, inr a fully assembled unit built expertly by kevintronic themselves. the software is easy to hack and reprogram, as it is written in arduino, making this an incredibly flexible tool for musicians looking to tinker with their equipment. the default software includes a euclidean rhythm generator with a random mode and a gate sequencer with an auto mode. this effect is a fantastic piece of hardware with excellent documentation built by kevintronic. based out of hamburg, germany, this small team of passionate creatives focus on creating accessible, open-source eurorack hardware. kevintronic prioritises ensuring their modules are safe and reliable, so every jack on this model is protected against overvoltage and negative currents. - 2023-06-02 - krackatone the 'cracklebox and sound destroyer' controlled by touch plates - charis cat - this effect is a new creation from the enigmatic pete, a brilliant designer based in czechia, who defines this compact device as a 'cracklebox and sound destroyer'. capable of creating unique and interesting noises simply by touching the touch plates, this device is an exciting tactile addition to any musical workflow. this device is brilliant for people who love experimenting with sound and is packed with unusual features. use your fingers to create and modulate noise using the device alone, or plug in any sound source and use the krakatone to destroy and distort your sounds into intriguing textural tones. the dissonant layered timbres created by this device quickly form an unsettling ambience with many purposes within electronic music, short films, or even art exhibits. you can hear some of the brain-melting sounds this device can create in the demo; its glitchy and corrupted tones suggesting feelings of tension or excitement. this effect is inspired by the design of nicolas collins and is powered by a 9v battery. it features a 5.5/2.1mm power jack (centre positive), a 3.5mm input jack, and a 3.5mm stereo output jack. it's also incredibly compact and lightweight, measuring just 3.5x 2 (8.9 x 5.1 cm), including its rubber feet. kevintronic are an independent electronics design company run by pete, who is passionate about synth diy and specialises in making tiny synths and noise makers. - 2023-06-01 - synax drum's not dead drum synthesizer with magpower - charis cat - percussion is the driving force behind electronic music's most exciting tracks, providing an undeniable energy which keeps listeners locked onto the rhythm. synthesised drum tones have become a staple of electronic music, with producers using a sequenced kick drum to keep dancefloors moving for years. hardware focussed producers and tinkerers looking to take these classic ideas to new dimensions will be very excited by the 'drum's not dead' module. this innovative drum synthesis module combines classic circuitry with cutting-edge technology, allowing you to infuse melodies into your beats using its cv inputs. boasting three input and output jacks and nine controls, this module offers endless avenues for creative exploration. with its wide range of tonal possibilities, including kick drums, deep kevins, woodblocks, and hi-hats, you can create rhythms that are uniquely yours. this drum synth is one of kevintronic ' synax modules. as such, it features the magpower system a revolutionary modular system built around a magnetic connection between three pogo pins on the power panel and three copper tracks on the back of each synax module. this magnetic system makes it incredibly easy to swap your modules in and out, even during performances, whilst protecting the rest of your system from harm. kevintronic is an independent electronics designer based out of phoenix, arizona. with a passion for making diy musical products, they plan to develop even more fantastic modules, so keep an eye out for this dedicated maker! - 2022-10-28 - nixie tubes and rotary dials: the rta counter - charis cat - take the mundane into the fast lane with this gloriously nerdy counting device! whether you need to keep track of your board game scores, tally up prices, or perhaps even count the number of times your cat starts zooming around the house this charming device makes any task much more enjoyable! rtais a tool designed for counting things in style. it features beautiful vintage electronic components, including three handmade nixie tubes from the ussr and a rotary dial. packed with features, this piece of kit has been lovingly prototyped and developed over three iterations by kevintronic. this hard work has created a device that works around the clock to fulfil your counting needs. whilst it is capable of the essential addition, it has a bunch of extra modes, including tracking golf scores or working as a stopwatch. the hardware itself is beautiful! featuring a carefully crafted black pcb and well-chosen components, this device really looks the part. it can be delivered either fully assembled or in a diy kit, allowing you to decide precisely how much work you want to put in before use. why not spend an evening refining your soldering skills, knowing that you'll have built this unique and fascinating device? kevintronic, an independent electronics manufacturer based out of the united states, intend to share their ideas with the world. they are an enthusiastic creator whose mind is often filled with ideas for new products, particularly ones using vintage displays, and are also open to custom electronics work! - 2022-06-02 - buildhey, how are you? i did it! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. hey, whats up? i'm just a baby! i know it. i did it! i am happy! i know it. hiya, how are you? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hiya! hows you? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!not what i'm for, i *did* know how i was gonna be, and i told you in advance, but what upsets me most, is that i could have been perfect and helped you all you needed, if you hadn't yelled at me. and honestly, im pretty offended that u dragged us away so fast, and then sat staring at me for ages, when i had already explained to you multiple occasions, that if i am stared at, i cannot move, but mainly cause i was finally comfortable enough to talk to people, dude, we were waiting for the train for 40 minutes, and there were 2 trains after it, it would have been better if you'd just gone and gotten it if you were so worried, i missed my only opportunity to talk to his mum, and his friends, because of your behaviour, and i never asked you to feel that way. in fact, i (on multiple occasions prior to and during the event) asked you to not focus on me and worry about yourself, if i needed help i'd've asked for it, what i needed was freedom, and i asked for it, and wasnt given it, like, if i had to be honest, you kind of 'ruined' my whole experience of that memorial, i dont hold that against you, and id never bring that up in anger, but your anxiety and constant checking on me and stuff really made me unable to focus on my own grief, and then at the very end when i finally felt comfortable to express myself to people i was rushed away, and no, of course not, thats more of the same thing im complaining about kevin, i dont want you to involve yourself, i dont need your help, ive already fucking spoken to her on messenger because she reached out t ome, you're not the only person, im not expecting you to, i just mean, stop being like that, this, when this is literally one of the things im complaining about, like i dont understand how u cannot understand what im telling you, i know you struggle with communication, but im not sure what im missing here, i just dont know what im meant to do, i ask you to please not over involve urself because it was making my whole day horribly stressful, and u offer to contact custards' mum on my behalf!? like literally it was you talking to her on my behalf that was making me feel so tense and embarassed about the book!!! and we discussed that days ago!!! i just, i cannot get my head around it man, but theres 'how i think' and theres 'ignoring everything im told' literally tho, i told u that u contacting custard's mum on my behalf made me uncomfortable, and therefore, u suggest that u contact custard's mum on my behalf!?!?!? like, how is that not ignorance? its almost laughable and im not laughing at you, just, what!? what? i dont even say that anywhere near ur response, look what do u want from me, great, maybe figure that one out first, i dont even know what that means kevin, we're talking right now, reiterating, look, what do u expect me to fucking answer that with kevin, seriously, do you care about me, in what way? i can't live in this confusion much longer. honestly, i love you so much and i do not trust you at all right now. i appreciate your honesty and the effort you're willing to put in. i'm glad you want to make things right, and i'm hopeful therapy will be helpful for you. i wanna rebuild the trust that we had and improve our communication. there's something wrong between us, i notice that i spend nearly all the time we spend together dissociating heavily. it's not a pleasant feeling, but i believe it's bought on by anxiety or maybe ptsd stuff, and it's probably crucial we address it. i also want us to be clear on our boundaries moving forward. it's important for both of us to trust what the other person asks for instead of making our own decisions. i'd love to hear your thoughts on this too and what you think we can do to improve things. open communication is key to making this work. thank you for being so open about your feelings, i appreciate you. it does seem that you being around me is a trigger, or, that you being around me is a trigger for me to not eat properly, i actually cant tell which, if i don't eat and drink regularly on my meds they do more harm than good, tbh i cant ever follow it, i havent made it to water yet today. i've done pee and food tho. no i just have more extended time to fuck it up, i mean, ukmmm, i can delay for longer, but the list still gets done, whereas if i delay a step for 3 hours whilst ur here, usually a load of other stuff happens in between, also u cant cope with me when i start to stop being medicated, cause im still not properly titrated so my meds only last 8 hours, and then i have what is literally a drug crash lol, which brings all my symptoms back tenfold, i just, i dunno waht to do cause i wanna care for you, but i dont know how, it even got down to stupid stuff like when we were having intimacy id be like wiggling myself into a position that was actually nice for me and you'd move me back like 4 times. which i get is because i didnt speak verbally about it. but im not sure how to make our communicatin any better! as you often say 'we're just too different' thats it? ok, im trying already kevin lol, he can if he wants? im confused, what can i do, in what way? i dunno we both need to talk to each other aobut it, i dunno id have to spend ages thinking about it, i dont know what you want from me, you're not gonna freak me out you're not even here, heyo, mhm how are you, aww im sorry, im alone too, i know, i know, meh, you, i dunno, hey, no, dissociating again, im nearly back its fine, no, meh, the only time i ever dissociate this hard is when i talk to you, why, thank you for understanding, kevin. it means a lot that you care about how i feel. i think we both want our conversations to be positive and enjoyable. it might be helpful for us to explore why these conversations trigger such a strong reaction in me and hong it six years ago! charis and elodie can feel it! he has said it! six days ago, he was doing it! we are knowing it! i went back to school! you could know it! i would know it! i do running! charis must just be a baby! she did learn how to dj, i am proud of her! he could do it! kevin would have known it! we did it together, and i think we did really well :) charis will have been knowing it! kevin could know it! she can feel it! kevin is feeling his ass! i will have felt it! charis and elodie should have known it! he would feel it! he would just be a baby! charis can know it! he will have said it! she was saying that last month! kevin could just be a baby! charis is knowing it! i would have felt it! we can feel it! today, you were just a baby! i was knowing it 4 years ago. he should know it! charis and elodie should have said it! they will feel special! they must have known it! elodie would have said it! i had been doing it! i should do it! elodie should have felt it! charis did it amazingly! charis could say it! we would have known it! he should feel it! charis and elodie will be knowing it! elodie has felt it! we must know it! you would have felt it! i must have felt it! i have just been being a baby! elodie will say it quietly! charis and elodie were feeling it seventeen weeks ago! she knew that she was an amazing mathematician! elodie must feel it! we would say it! you should have done it! he would do it! she went to space last year, she's so fucking smart and i couldn't be more proud of her. kevinoved! he feels the water! charis and elodie must have felt it! we should do it! kevin is just a friendly baby! kevin must do it! i have been feeling it! she must have known it! charis and elodie know a lot of stupid stuff! i know that! they will have just been being babies! elodie knows a few things! charis would have just been a baby! they will have done it! she has just been a baby! i must do it! they are just babies and i love them! he would say it! i must just be a baby! elodie must say it! we could say it! kevin will have been saying it! kevin must have felt it! kevin must have said it! we will do it for them! you would have done it! they could have just been babies! you walked home yesterday, right? kevin has just been being a baby! he would have done it! i walked to the park earlier. you should have said it! she had said it! charis went to bed, finally, what a legend! you can say it! we had known it! he would have known it! i could have felt it! i will know how you feel! charis will just be a baby in 30 secs! you will know something i don't know! elodie was feeling it 4 days ago! they will have felt it! charis would say it! she must just be a baby! she would have felt it! charis will have just been being a baby! she can say it! i should have known it! she is saying it super fucking loudly! i am just a tiny baby! they would have said it! charis should have said it! kevin will feel insane! they must have just been babies! they were just babies yesterday! charis and elodie have been saying it! we walked slowly, engaged in our conversation more than our surroundings. she was doing it six days ago! they could have felt it! charis could feel it! they would know it! you are just a cute baby! kevin must just be a baby! tomorrow, they will be doing something very important! we have been feeling it! last month, they were just a baby! i can know it! charis and elodie could know it! they know who he is! elodie felt pretty! charis must have just been a baby! elodie should have done it! charis said that she is bored! kevin will have been feeling it! we walk to the shop! he will have just been a baby! we could have known it! they had been doing it! i was feeling it five days ago! they say it together! they would have just been a baby! they had just been being a baby! they should do it! kevin could have done it!i would have said it! she should know it! she walked around the building, just trying to calm down for a second. charis and elodie had felt it! they have just been being a baby! he should have just been a baby! he should do it! you knew that i was going to school today! she knows where he went! he has just been a baby! we should have just been babies! he would know it! charis and elodie should have done it! charis must know it! you will have been doing it! she walks to work! elodie must know it! kevin had said it! we are saying it together! we should say it! kevin had been saying it! they should have said it! charis will have known it! she had felt it! charis and elodie had done it! she will do everything! elodie has known it! we would have felt it!at 10:50. shops before? i'll see how much tickets are :d did he say good time? the tickets are expensive. i dunno if we're teen, student, or adult. aduly 10, teen 10, student 10. i dont think it would tbh :p it's because its 3d. lemme look :3 hmm? the link probably wont work. on this website there isn't one not 3d... where? yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah thats better :) we should probably book... your boyfriends 19 isn't he? and kevin cant get teen tickets either :p we can't they ask for id when you book tickets - they did it to my brother. when u pick them up they ask for proof of id and proof that its you who bought them :( thats not proof of age! they still ask! genuinely my brother wasn't allowed into a film. i know it's fucking dumb. hmm? shall we just go for the 7:00 one and me and you are 8 and them two are 10 xd should i book them or wait arrrgh so confused. wait how olds kevin. becuase teen is 'between 13 and 18' ohh okay :p you guys better pay me  xd :d same omg we're awesome. its like 8 for you and 10 for atupid grown up boy. yeah not too bad - coulda been worse xd ew i dont like 3d :( sit here? also its in a tiny screeen. hmm... dont mind, there or at the back? :p haha xd we can take the piss of them. back? of the cinema u poo xd do you wanna sit at the back! xd hmm true... but probably wont xd chooose xd okay! :p yay booking it :) i think so! with ur exchange student! exactly! xd we saw the house bunny :p exactly! yeahh. vue wont take my card :/ ima have to phone them sigh. cba. nah i think it's that my cards registered to my old address - so im just putting that in instead. ohh that still didn't work. could you get your parents to? :3 =^.^= good. wait the thing is we'll have to show their card. to prove we bought the tickets. wait the moneys been taken from my bank... i know but they haven't. ima phone the bank and see then phone vue sigh. i'll tell you if i get it sorted sigh xd sigh my life sucks xd awesome. thats gonna look cool :d also i haven't booked the ticksts but the money is yet to be refunded to me  sigh all the seats are disappearing too. why is everything so complicated? :( do you wanna try it on your mums card?? or i can wait till tomorrow or something :p if you do kevins saying he's getting a teen ticket because he's 18 and its 13-18. on this website thing is you might need to bring your mums card with you - would she let you?? hmm? i was booking 3 teens and 1 adult. you can get 4 teens if kevin thinks he'll get in xd but he like might not. but he can try it if he wants :p xd im still exciteed even though this was so much hassle :d really? sigh. same thing as happened to me? yeah same omg in red writing? yay! :d next door have been playing gangnam style, along with the live version and some remixs for 20 minutes. they crazy :) :p i just friended ur sexy boyfriend ;) he fancies me ;) jk xd kevins behind me breathing its creepy. when's people going winter wonderland? i might come i just dont know anyone aaa. same omg hobbit soon tho... :) and shops :d yeahh obviously we will! nah we're just going for free ;) excited! :d :d :d :d :d what? i know. my thoughts exactly. aaa so excited. i hope it's good! :d even if it's awful!? same. and shops! :) and i get to meet mr penis ;) is that an appropriate name for him? :p ok so kevin meet kevins virginity partner! aaa ohh god i mean kevin! he'll just immidietly be like 'ohh god what have i let my self in for...' i need to embarrass him to full amounts.. ok i'll try not to embarass you :p omfg can we tell him anyway that's a jokes plan. i cant believe we still go on about that plan xd well yeah that's true. aww poor jamieee! i dunno why i liked him... exactly... nah it was never kevin that was you babe ;) either way! umm why? in time. breadrose! i dunno tbh. nah more like 1 month yeahh. we never see each other anymore omg. but we're meeting up on friday. fuck it why not. we should go once a month at least. because actually affordable. this is gonna be awesome. we should do something in xmas holidays. im just shitty at ideas. we should. we gotta see if it works as a group first tho. do you think soo? kevins like so quiet i hope he doesn't get all awkward xd true. this is gonna work. yay! ohh deeear. why? ooh dear. you are a sad sad lady. stahp. im not it's just not even close to christmas. true. really?! skskhdkjntbs. thats a win :) ooh christmassy xd apparently! tune? :p :ppp :o you're mean. true. but i don't really, because ew your face. you're purty i was joking omg :( :o i dunno i'm writing a boring ass english essay sigh. loool thats basically where i'm at. i dont. give. a fuck. about. your. connotations. words. fucksss. saaake. have u picked up the tickets? yay! hvhj. when you getting to harrow? let me anus your face. you didntl ike my rap :( good! i think we should go breadrose and eat food. now. right now. right. fucking. now. ohh. :( soon! effort tho in the snow! xd yeah i ammm i have my work placement thing :p nah it's quite cute! it's in a year 1 class. :p what!? :p so hows you anyway? aint talked in time! :p i'm alright! literally bored as tho. and ikr! :( might be doin something for my birthday soon tho so :) :p pretty. much. actually i was thinking of going bowling then hanging around in breadrose or something then having sleepover with a few! :) exactly. :) be excited. now i just need friends! :) sad times xd ?? ohh on twitter? what do you mean?? why do you still hate her so much? :p omfg what? how are you either of those things!? dude i'm probably more slutty than you, so are the people who are calling you it!!! sigh just punch them in the face seriously, i dont get why girls are such bitches. exactly! xd how are people calling you a slag for sleeping with someone you were going out with at the time... sigh at them. exactly. now that'd be weird. but seriously. hows he being a cunt anyway? what the fuck... i want you in my life -> blanking you? what a complete dickhead.. that's so childish as well.. if he wants to talk he can fucking message you. thats the whole convo? lool what a weirdo. sigh. if he really wants to be your mate he can grow up about it and act it. just send a super sarcastic one like 'nice 'being mates' today.' because fuck him. soz parents started talking to me. and lmfaooo maybe he was just shit. sounds like he was shit. and lol what the fuck? i dunno. maybe trying to get in there. (also parents still trying to talk to me sichh..) *sighh. just cut his peen off xd ok people have stopped talkin to me now! good. they were telling me off for having bad attendance. exactly i cbaaa with that. you alrighttt? yeah alright xd pete is here! aww! find her and make out with her. or just cuddle.. yay! :d omg i should get into twitter. i only ever tweet/fb when im drunk or annoyed xd tbh you kinda do! haha yeah i'm looking now xd yep! maybe you're just so awesome they copied your face! yeah exactly! meh! :p the ex? sigh. why? lol no i think han ai with the correct vibes, and show people that they're not so scary and intangible as they think! (im failing, they're so intangible, fuck) what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to ambient music. what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to alternative music. will you play computer games with kevin later? i will not play a game with kevin later. what music has george been listening to? george has been listening to hold music, because that's his entire personality. what sort of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to ambient electronica. what kind of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to a mashup. who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing computer games with your mum. what music is george listening to? george is listening to the worst playlist ever made. what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to experimental music. what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to an underground track. why do you hyperfocus on weird things? becaage, we had been eating things! elodie had been needing kevin's butt! you had been learning from the music. elodie had been loving you! they had been starting it. charis had been feeling charis' butt, he had been touching stuff! he had been wanting the sun! they had been drawing their weed. we had been looking at the picture! charis and elodie had been sminking me, charis and elodie had been picking him up, you had been sminking his weed. we had been needing it! he had been needing my art! i had been taking it away from charis, kevin had been feeling the passage of time! we had been wanting you! i had been taking the synth, elodie had been touching the guitar! she had been leaving the food, charis had been touching her brain, they had been feeling kevin's art. she had been wanting to hear my voice they had been sminking elodie's dick. kevin had been touching her brain! he had been needing their voice! kevin had been seeing kevin's weed! you had been seeing your phone. kevin had been wanting to hear their voice charis had been leaving the oven, charis and elodie had been taking the chair, she had been feeling elodie's butt, he had been moving the drink! kevin had been learning from your weed! charis had been touching their idea, charis and elodie had been touching charis, she had been eating kevin's food, you had been taking the toy. you had been feeling your brain. i had been drinking some water, elodie had been wanting your thoughts! kevin had been touching the snacks! you had been creating problems. they had been wanting to hear charis' voice he had been sminking his weed! she had been eating elodie's food, you had been sminking it. she had been seeing my turntable, charis and elodie had been wanting to listen to my voice i had been scared of myself, kevin had been eating him! he had been looking at the synth! you had been needing me. charis had been taking it away from the oven, she had been listening to the oven, she had been learning from a computer, you had been eating pizza. we had been seeing charis' weed! charis and elodie had been wanting their butt, you had been writing a tune. she had been eating my food, she had been needing that phone, elodie had been listening to elodie! i had been hearing his turntable, she had been eating pizza, elodie had been leaving that fan! they had been sminking charis' butt. they had been eating his brain. kevin had been moving her! she had been taking stuff away from elodie, she had been listening to her mind, i had been hearing our weed, charis and elodie had been wanting to read their writing, you had been wanting to hear charis' voice i had been seeing them, elodie had been leaving the synth! they had been hearing their voice. they had been learning from our ideas. kevin had been grinding kevin's weed! charis and elodie had been listening to kevin's ideas, they had been needing the passage of time. kevin had been scared of their voice! he had been seeing charis' cock! charis had been needing the synth, we had been seeing our essays! he had been eating his butt! charis had been drawing a boof raccoon, charis had been eating his food, you had been feeling the cats. charis had been learning from her, charis and elodie had been drinking soup, charis and elodie had been wanting to hear elodie's voice charis had been picking up your weed, charis and elodie had been seeing his butt, charis and elodie had been feeling his voice, kevin had been hating me! we had been grinding our weed! charis and elodie had been seeing your performance, elodie had been feeling our ideas! he had been feeling my voice! kevin had been eating kevin's food! we had been drinking some soup! elodie had been wanting elodie's butt! kevin had been taking my ideas! he had been feeling charis' brain! he had been taking me! charis had been listening to their butt, charis had been moving closer to kevin's butt, i had been taking it from this computer, charis had been sminking my butt, kevin had been listening to her weed! he had been sminking elodie! he had been hearing elodie's writing! charis and elodie had been taking the guitar, she had been taking her butt, they had been loving kevin's voice. charis and elodie had been writing a discord, we had been picking up the guitar! charis and elodie had been picking things up, i had been learning from the oven, i had been touching the cats, elodie had been needing us! kevin had been looking at it! kevin had been needing the darkness! charis and elodie had been touching my phone, they had been listening to their voice. you had been taking them from them. charis and elodie had been listening to his weed, elodie had been learning from the sun! elodie had been drawing a drawing! you had been loving her weed. elodie had been wanting to listen to kevin's voice we had been learning from elodie's butt! you had been touching the oven. charis had been moving our weed, charis and elodie had been taking it, you had been leaving him. they had been sminking smink! he had been taking their weed! you had been loving us. we had been moving away from kevin's words! you had been wanting to listen to her voice kevin had been touching her boobs! elodie had been looking at this fan! we had been hating kevin's mind! we had been moving it! you had been hating our voices. she had been listening to the decks, they had been writing an article. i had been eating him, charis had been needing a fan, he had been listening to your voice! i had been needing us, she had been wanting charis' voice, charis and elodie had been taking that toy, he had been touching our brains! they had been drawing a picture. she had been seeing my weed, you had been sminking our opinions. charis and elodie had been needing the cats, charis and elodie had been feeling stuff, he had been needing the passage of time! i had been sminking smink, elodie had been needing the toy! charis and elodie had been seeing the blankelodie should take kevin's butt! elodie should care about the oven! charis and elodie should give their butt, you should hear the sun. i should draw my butt, she should care about charis and elodie! you should like the sofa! i should touch my butt, charis and elodie should sleep, charis should look at her cats, we should see her art! elodie should listen to their butt! kevin should smink charis' brain! charis should look at charis' dick, charis should draw kevin's words, charis and elodie should move from their computer, i should need the sun, we should draw your weed! kevin should care about your brain! they should like that toy! kevin should look at elodie! i should love the cats! they should leave her weed. charis and elodie should need the meds, you should put it down. we should feel charis' voice! charis should touch charis' butt, we should hear your voice! charis and elodie should eat elodie's brain, they should smink smoking our weed. kevin should love kevin's weed! they should see the turntable. he should look at the house! he should listen to the rain! elodie should give it it to him! charis and elodie should love our voices, charis and elodie should need the passage of time, she should take from him, he should take from your mind! we should move elodie's butt! charis should like the darkness! charis should leave charis, charis should see the house, they should look at my butt. i should see my weed, charis should need the toilet, they should pick up charis. she should feel the daylight, kevin should care about my weed! elodie should care about the soundtrack! she should touch smoking charis' weed, charis and elodie should move from their cock, charis should love her bed! charis and elodie should eat dinner, she should eat her idea, she should love him! elodie should care about them! she should learn from herself, she should leave it, charis and elodie should love a drink! you should touch the decks. you should like the blankets! elodie should give it it to you! charis and elodie should take charis, elodie should hear elodie's voice! they should smink smoking her weed. you should want our voices. they should touch elodie's butt. he should care about a toy! i should take elodie, i should like the soundtrack! elodie should hear stuff! you should move their idea. they should listen to smoking her weed. charis should eat their butt, he should love smoking kevin's weed! we should take some of your weed! we should like the chair! elodie should want the fan! i should take the bed, we should hear your words! charis and elodie should listen to their voice, charis should want their weed, they should love kevin! charis should learn from elodie's writing, they should look at elodie's dick. they should care about charis' butt! charis should love my voice, she should be scared of the toilet, she should smink smoking her weed, charis should give it it to elodie's butt, charis should grind smoking charis' weed, charis should take your weed, you should listen to smoking his weed. charis and elodie should take from kevin's dick, they should eat kevin's words. i should take from stuff, they should hear elodie's butt. i should put it down, elodie should take from elodie! kevin should leave her! he should create something new! he should take from stuff! charis should drinking some juice, charis and elodie should see his butt, kevin should need the daylight! elodie should love kevin! charis should eat charis' brain, kevin should learn from that computer! she should want the phone, she should be scared of the bed, we should like them! you should look at the snacks. charis and elodiell you do later? i'll probably eat some cheese. what were you watching? i was watching charis' stream. what were you staring at? i was looking at petes face. what were you listening to? i was listening to george. what were you just looking at? i was looking at kevin. what were you doing? i was looking at elodies website. what were you doing? i was listening to kevin cooking. what were you absorbed in? i was looking at their dog. what were they looking at? they were looking at kevin. what was she looking at? she was looking at this meme. what was she looking at? she was looking at their dog. what was she looking at? she was looking at the abyss. what was he looking at? he was looking at petes smile. what was he doing? im not really sure, something sus. what type of music did i play? you played bass house. what type of music did he play? he played a meme song. what style of music did she play? she played trip hop. what style of music did she play? she played chiptune. what sort of music did she play? she played his music. what song may she enjoy? she could listen to trip hop. what name do you prefer?? ok fine, my name is strange. what music will he enjoy? he could listen to hip hop. what music were you playing? i was playing rap music! what music were you playing? i was playing glitch hop. what music were you playing? i was playing aces music. what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to pop. what music were they playing? they were playing rock. what music were they playing? they were playing kpop. what music were they playing? he was playing a mashup. what music was she playing? she was playing synthwave. what music was i playing? you were playing pop music. what music was i playing? you were playing new music. what music was i playing? you were playing glitch hop. what music was i playing? you were playing aces music. what music was i playing? you were playing 80s music. what music was he playing? he was playing bass house. what music was he dancing to? he was dancing to lo-fi. what music did they listen to? they listened to lo-fi. what music did i listen to? you listened to her music. what music did he listen to? he listened to synthwave. what is your favourite pet? my favourite pet is a cat. what is watching? watching means looking at something. what is track? a track is a piece of music, or a song. what is the sun? the sun is the closest star to earth. what is that girl doing? she's looking at kevin's dog. what is real? real means actually existing or genuine. what is possible? possible means something can happen. what is place? a place is a specific area or location. what is music? music is sounds that make people happy. what is mean? mean means saying what you are thinking. what is he up to? he could be looking at froggys face. what is he up to? he could be looking at elodies face. what is he up to now? he is looking at your dogs face. what is he up to now? he is looking at your cats face. what is he doing now? he's looking at his own website. what is give? give means handing something to someone. what is gave? gave means having handed something over. what is felt? felt means having experienced or sensed. what is enough? enough means having as much as needed. what is decided? decided means having made a decision. what is considering? considering means thinking about. what is brain? a brain is the organ used for thinking. what is ansust been a baby! you will have been saying it! kevin will have just been being a baby! you had known it! she must say it! 9 months ago, charis was doing it! we had just been babies! they must know it! charis would have done it! he knows who i am! i can feel it! elodie would have known it! you would do it! elodie has been saying it! yesterday, they were just a baby! earlier today, we were just babies! charis can say it! he can feel it! charis is saying it again! she will have just been a baby! charis and elodie are knowing it! we should know it! kevin should have known it! i knew that cats could jump! charis and elodie will say it when they are ready to say it. i walk to my house! he will just be a baby next week! they should just be a baby! charis and elodie could have said it! charis and elodie will have just been babies! charis has been doing it! they did it! they finally got married! tomorrow, he will be doing something very important! they would have felt it! i felt that coming! kevin will have said it! we have felt it! kevin has just been a baby! elodie must do it! they have been knowing it! kevin has been doing it!i had been saying it! charis must feel it! you had just been being a baby! we could have just been babies! five months ago, you were feeling it! they will know that you were waiting! we must feel it! kevin must say it! she must know it! i should know it! kevin has said it! you have felt it! he will have known it! charis should have done it! elodie would have just been a baby! charis and elodie could have felt it! you would say it! i should have just been a baby! kevin had been doing it!i will have been saying it! charis had just been being a baby! she could have felt it! she would do it! charis could have felt it! charis and elodie were just babies two days ago! they can just be a baby! charis and elodie feel cold! charis can feel it! you must know it! she will have known it! we have said it! they have just been a baby! charis had known it! charis and elodie had been feeling it! you can do it! elodie is knowing it! kevin will know he is loved! he feels the water! charis and elodie must have felt it! we should do it! kevin is just a friendly baby! kevin must do it! i have been feeling it! she must have known it! charis and elodie know a lot of stupid stuff! i know that! they will have just been being babies! elodie knows a few things! charis would have just been a baby! they will have done it! she has just been a baby! i must do it! they are just babies and i love them! he would say it! i must just be a baby! elodie must say it! we could say it! kevin will have been saying it! kevin must have felt it! kevin must have said it! we will do it for them! you would have done it! they could have just been babies! you walked home yesterday, right? kevin has just been being a baby! he would have done it! i walked to the park earlier. you should have said it! she had said it! charis went to bed, finally, what a legend! you can say it! we had known it! he would have known it! i could have felt it! i will know how you feel! charis will just be a baby in 30 secs! you will know something i don't know! elodie was feeling it 4 days ago! they will have felt it! charis would say it! she must just be a baby! she would have felt it! charis will have just been being a baby! she can say it! i should have known it! she is saying it super fucking loudly! i am just a tiny baby! they would have said it! charis should have said it! kevin will feel insane! they must have just been babies! they were just babies yesterday! charis and elodie have been saying it! we walked slowly, engaged in our conversation more than our surroundings. she was doing it six days ago! they could have felt it! charis could feel it! they would know it! you are just a cute baby! kevin must just be a baby! tomorrow, they will be doing something very important! we have been feeling it! last month, they were just a baby! i can know it! charis and elodie could know it! they know whomy weed. he cares about their butt! elodie takes from this mixer! he looks at the decks! charis gives it to charis' ideas, charis and elodie look at their decks, elodie likes computers! kevin moves the turntable! charis and elodie like friends! they take from charis' butt. charis and elodie care about things! you smink charis' writing. charis cares about stars, she learns from his voice, charis hates her dick, charis and elodie listen to your butt, they like smoking her weed! i draw things, they want elodie. you love the toilet and you love the toy! you like the heating! he takes from your writing! we learn from his butt! you leave elodie's butt. elodie learns from it but elodie learns from kevin's brain! we take elodie's butt! you are happy. you give it to my mind. i see the guitar, they create joy. elodie loves us! we love elodie's butt! charis eats elodie, they pick up elodie's phone. charis and elodie hate their toy, kevin picks up your dinner! we feel your weed! charis and elodie move the ring, you like smoking his weed! she loves space, kevin picks up a ring! he takes kevin's weed! kevin takes from your butt! kevin cares about her boobs! charis and elodie learn from the rain, charis hears charis, they care about smoking charis' weed! he loves his voice! she loves elodie's brain, charis loves computers, we like elodie's voice! elodie hears your mind! charis moves her butt, i listen to that turntable, she eats his butt, kevin takes from my words! i look at the fan, we are cute! charis hates elodie's butt, she touches smoking kevin's weed, kevin, like, eats your lunch! you take her cock. kevin creates happiness! charis and elodie listen to their sound, i want the phones, charis and elodie love the toilet and charis and elodie love their toy! they want elodie's butt. he draws elodie's writing. he likes their butt! we need to smoke his weed! you care about the food! charis and elodie drink their water, kevin likes your weed! she needs the decks, she hates being too cold, he sees our voices! charis needs her ring, she listens to things, we want smoking kevin's weed! he likes their voice! i drink it, they care about the moon! we care about the daylight! charis writes her music, elodie hears the guitar! charis eats charis, charis moves from elodie's butt, they sing some music. they love you! he sees smoking their weed! elodie listens to the decks! charis and elodie eat lunch, elodie takes from her butt! charis moves the house, we hear our minds! charis hears your ideas, she hears our weed, she feels my mind, you take some of his weed. i leave charis, you eat charis' lunch. he listens to it! kevin touches charis' weed! he hears charis! she feels you, he loves stuff! he needs stuff! she listens to elodie's writing, kevin gives it to your weed! they want the cats. you leave elodie. kevin cares about the oven! charis and elodie leave my butt, you need charis. kevin feels me! you like the blanket and you like the cats! elodie cares about the soundtrack! charis and elodie eat kevin's food, charis and elodie learn from my butt, elodie cares about the daylight and elodie cares about the decks! he draws a boat. charis takes her house, i draw charis, he picks up the decks! she needs your butt, you see the passage of time. they like the computers! he touches the chair! he eats charis' brain! they take smoking his weed. elodie smink your butt! kevin leaves the music but kevin leaves the oven! he smink my butt! kevin likes that ring! he leaves smoking kevin's weed! we move your weed! we need the passage of time! he hears elodie's writing! you like smoking my weed! charis hates my butt, you touch your weed. she knows elodie, charis cares about charis and elodie, you feel you. you love her writing. he needs his butt! you move your weed out of her skull. kevin gives the cats! kevin hates smoking charis' weed! you take things off the floor. elodie sees the ring! you smoke his weed. she hates the george, he loves the meds! charis likes elodie's butt, we touch the guitar! kevin, like, eats my lunch! elodie loves our voices! kevin moves the heating! you need the phone. charis and elodie hate your voice, charis moves things, we pick up charis' sofa! kevin takes things! you leave her brain. you draw my weed. elodie sees the oven! we take from her ideas! i love the computer, you move his mind. she hears his butt, we love kevin's sanity! you like kevin's words! she smink charis, he likes her butt! charis touches me, kevin moves from her writing! she likes charis' voice, she cares about the room, elodie sees elodie's butt but elodie sees elodie's voice! elodie moves this mixer! elodie sees charis' brain! elodie cares about her! i want the heating, they are scared of my voice. he picks them up! i love stuff, we move that turntable! you listen to my dick. kevin moves from their butt! i touch him, kevin likes her weed! you look at a fan. she picks up my butt, kevin sees kevin's voice! you give you. i take her, he writes a poem. the music is cute! he eats your brain! he needs my butt! he moves from it! kevin leaves the drink! you give things. you pick up a turntable. elodie cares about computers! charis and elodie listen to kevin's voice, charis and elodie need their drink, he writes the music. she moves from elodie, kevin wants charis' weed! we pick up our weed! he needs the beds! they drinking some drink. you care about smoking our weed! charis and elodie move their snacks, we hate elodie! they look at charis' butt. we need each other! she loves you, he moves the decks! she draws her boobs, charis hates the daylight, they want charis' voice. i like him! charis and elodie sing some songs, charis and elodie move closer to charis, we take her boobs! elodie eats stuff! we need the guitar! you love a blanket and you love the cats! you care about things! they want her voice. they care about kevin's butt! i want you, she leaves his butt, charis likes my butt, we like your brain! charis learns from his words, he listens to charis' butt! he hears her! she gives it to my essay, kevin loves the passage of time! they need stuff. you drink drink. charis likes his words, i love charis and elodie! elodie moves the oven! elodie knows them! charis loves their voice, charis and elodie learn from kevin's butt, elodie eats pizza but charis learns from her passage of time, she takes the computers, she creates problems, she looe felt your voice. we have felt the sound! charis has known their dick. they have felt his brain. charis has felt their voice, he has felt your ideas! she has felt stuff, they have felt our voices. i have felt the sound, kevin has felt stuff! kevin has felt your thoughts! charis has felt your ideas, i have been angry, charis has walked it. he has started it! she has listened to your music, they have felt his butt. kevin has smoked charis' weed! you have felt her thoughts. charis has felt the rain, he has felt his butt! they have felt kevin's voice. kevin has listened to your music! he has smoked my weed! kevin has played it! they have listened to my music. she has felt her voice, kevin has felt their voice! kevin has known them! she has felt her thoughts, they have felt elodie's butt. kevin has listened to her music! you have known them. he has felt the music! she has said it, charis has felt the passage of time, charis has felt kevin's voice, we have known elodie! you have felt it. elodie has felt kevin's butt! she has felt charis, we have been calm! elodie has played with it! you have known charis. charis and elodie have felt your voice, charis has walked with it. charis has known it. we have said it! kevin has felt them! we have been sad! she has felt us, you have said it. he has finished with it! elodie has felt our ideas! he has known stuff! charis has known you. kevin has felt elodie's thoughts! charis and elodie have felt their brain, they have smoked their weed. kevin has listened to their music! charis has smoked kevin's weed, elodie has been excited! we have felt charis' butt! he has felt charis' thoughts! kevin has known the rain! they have felt her. we have known the sun! she has known the darkness, elodie has felt his voice! they have felt the daylight. we have felt your voice! i have done it. i have known elodie, they have felt the sound. elodie has known the rain! kevin has known the sun! he has known the sound! elodie has felt elodie! she has known the sound, she has felt the rain, charis and elodie have felt elodie's butt, we have known the cats! i have felt us, he has known elodie! elodie has known the darkness! he has felt charis! charis has felt your voice, you have, like, i dunno, felt elodie's dick. they have felt it. we have played with it! they have known elodie. charis and elodie have smoked his weed, charis has finished it, kevin has felt our voices! charis has painted kevin's picture, you have, like, i dunno, felt charis' dick. you have known you. she has known kevin's cock, she has known elodie's cock, charis and elodie have just been babies, she has known the sun, he has listened to kevin's music! she has listened to our music, elodie has felt elodie's butt! charis has felt his thoughts, charis and elodie have felt our voices, kevin has listened to our music! he has felt their brain! elodie has finished it! charis and elodie have started it. kevin has been calm! elodie has known my dick! they have been sad. she has played with it, charis has smoked their weed, charis has listened to her music, kevin has felt elodie's butt! charis has felt elodie's voice, you have known the darkness. kevin has felt the cats! kevin has felt you! he has felt himself! we have felt his voice! charis has felt her cats, charis has felt charis' brain, they have listened to kevin's music. we have felt her voice! they have smoked our weed. charis and elodie have felt kevin's ideas, we have felt your brain! kevin has felt her butt! charis has felt them, charis has said it, i have felt my voice, charis has felt stuff, he has felt elodie's brain! you have, like, i dunno, felt charis. charis has started with it, she has felt his butt, she has walked with it, kevin has felt their butt! you have felt them. you have felt the darkness. you have felt the cats. we have smoked his weed! charis has felt her butt, charis and elodie have felt you, we have felt their voice! elodie has felt things! she has finished it, we have felt you! you have felt us. charis and elodie have known charis, they have, like, i dunno, felt her mind. charis has been calm. they have finished with it. you have known the cats. she has known it, kevin has felt things! you have walked with it. kevin has felt the sound! they have felt our ideas. i have walked with it. we have felt things! he has felt stuff! they have felt charis' voice. he has listened to your music! he has started with it! she has felt your mind, kevin has known you! she has felt charis' voice, i have felt his voice, she has done it, charis has known things. you have, like, i dunno, felt your mind. she has painted their picture, i have known stuff, you have listened to kevin's music. kevin has known stuff! they have, like, i dunno, listened to our music. charis has smoked his weed, she has known the daylight, charis and elodie have started with it. they have felt my butt. charis has felt our voices, charis and elodie have felt kevin's butt, you have smoked your weed. you have known elodie. they have felt the sun. i have felt stuff, they have felt us. we have felt his butt! we have felt her cock! charis has felt her, we have walked it! you have felt charis' voice. charis and elodie have felt their daylight, she has known you, kevin has smoked our weed! charis and elodie have known them, you have felt our thoughts. i have known it, elodie has felt stuff! charis and elodie have smoked my weed, he has smoked his weed! kevin has felt the sun! we have felt the music! charis has been sad, charis and elodie have felt him, kevin has smoked my weed! he has felt the passage of time! they have been calm. she has started it, he has felt her boobs! charis has known stuff. kevin has known my cock! kevin has been happy! they have walked it. charis and elodie have smoked their weed, kevin has known charis! we have been happy! he has felt kevin's cock! i have felt the cats, she has felt things, elodie has felt charis' voice! you have felt my voice. i have known the cats, kevin has known the sound! elodie has felt charis! kevin has felt her ideas! charis and elodie have felt the sound, charis and elodie have felthey, how are you? i did it! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. hey, whats up? i'm just a baby! i know it. i did it! i am happy! i know it. hiya, how are you? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hiya! hows you? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!quipment to enhance your setup! - 2024-05-08 - pocket cv theremin - charis cat - this theremin is a compact sound generator that skillfully packs the functionality of a theremin into your pocket. drawing inspiration from the classic atari punk console, the arkanoid is ready to become a unique and irreplaceable part of your synth setup, effortlessly controlled with just two tiny light sensors. for over a century, the theremin has captivated musicians with its ability to be controlled entirely without physical contact, becoming a centrepiece of musical experimentation. traditionally consisting of two long metal antennas, theremins detect the position of your hands using each individual sensor to complete capacitor circuits, using the measurements to produce their distinctive eerie and ethereal sounds. this theremin, however, uses modern light-resistant sensors to interpret your hand movements, which allows both classic theremin-style control and creative exploration using unusual light input methods. featuring a 3.5mm audio output and two 3.5mm cv inputs for pitch and depth control, this scaled-down device is powered by three aaa batteries and is much more portable than traditional theremins. created by prolific designer pete at kevintronic, its high-quality build is ideal for experimentation. based in ostrava, czechia, they offer worldwide shipping and feature an array of other exciting projects on their storefront! - 2023-08-03 - rave ready radiance: sound reactive led pasties - charis cat - why wait for the spotlight to shine on you, when you could just become the spotlight?! whether you're dancing, performing, or even in the tech booth bring a cybernetic edge to your dancefloor looks with these unique sound-reactive led pasties! these futuristic accessories by kevintronic have been designed with fantastic attention to detail, creating an eye-catching fusion of technology and art. the three high-quality leds are mounted to a compact circular pcb board, which attaches to a 3d printed base available in three sizes. they include everything you need to get started, from wig tape to extra batteries! synchronising your futuristic fashion with mesmerising light shows is seamless with the pasties' straightforward design. a simple two-button interface, on/off switch, and included replaceable 10-hour batteries mean you can make memories and have fun without the hassle of complicated menus. carefully programmed to react to the sounds around you, the 11 kevin-selectable patterns create the perfect mood lighting for your style! the first two patterns are fully sound-reactive and multi-coloured, but numerous single-colour options exist to coordinate with other accessories. cleverly, the two final modes don't react to sound, providing a consistent brightness level for film or photography. kevintronic are a brilliant independent electronics manufacturer based in salem, oregon. with a focus on creating innovative rave-ready accessories, and a natural eye for design, their website is definitely worth checking out before your next party! - 2023-07-21 - oscilloscope display eurorack module by kevintronic - charis cat - synthesise, improvise, visualise. draw intricate patterns using the scope oled display module, and experience robust visual audio analysis without leaving. the old tales told of trepid trips, but never would they have imagined such a fate would befall them when they foolishly decided to make that fallen over tree trunk their home. it had been truly abandoned! they had to spend hours carving away at rotten wood to give their home - sorry, their hero cave - a semblance of home. they even found themselves something very rare for a mouse, at least, for a free mouse: a name. most of their kind never worried about names, they didn't need them. but those two had the most peculiar fascination for the human world far above their head. so, one day, they attached those little markers above their respective beds. and used them as their names ever since. you cannot begin to imagine the look on everyone's face when they both stood, fierce and strong, and refused the accustomed introduction and matinal greeting in favour of using their newly minted names! twenty-six mice fell over from shock! or a very strong gust of wind. two decided to reject tradition, eloped that instant, and left town. some old sage even swears she heard the death of mice that very day, sharpening her scythe. of course, if you ask her, she was doing no such thing, and, by the way, they only freed the remains, and would never hurt a mouse. and whoever told you she doesn't appreciate the creatures she's been given to care over is a liar, and a fraud. death has never been one to shun life. she works tirelessly to make sure every mouse is safe, and doesn't go before their time. it is a hard job, but one she gladly does. and the official record is very clear, no mouse died, some just gained a name. let me give you a tour of their little house, as it was all they had left now. it has a door made of bark, and moss. the moss used to be a vibrant green when they first set their eyes on it, and decided to use it as a door. now, it was a bit brown. a lack of proper hydration, and friction, despite the amazing engineering that was involved in making this rough piece of bark as a door. as far as it being but a prototype, it was very well crafted, through and through. ohh, the feats of mechanics and bending of the very rules of physics those two could do! when you sled that door open, you would get hit by a gust of warm air, they liked a bit of warmth, and this house was, by far, the cosiest in town. it was all thanks to a very crafty system made entirely from reclaimed wood from older projects, that would heat air over a very small heat source. in this house, it was usually a light well, heating up a container of water through a system of mirrors and lenses - and when that didn't work, plain old exercise, a mouse wheel. if you wish. said wheel was all you would see just on the side of the entrance, and then, it would go on to the kitchen, a pantry, all in a row, this little room they built for their craft projects, and a giant living room, nearly a metre in length. but the one room that made our two friends here the happiest was by far the bedroom. they had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. as they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. and the bedroom was one of those. the lights shut with pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make place for a big table on which they often read correspondence from all over the mouse's craftiests. by the standards of most, they were very smart, but so lazy as to rely on technology instead of physical work. by the standards of their peers, they were some of the craftiest and craziest mice around. most of their day was spent in between stacks of letters, endless craft projects and, occasionally, at night, their very fancy bed. atop that bed sat those two beautifully crafted pieces of fabric. the first one was orange, it belonged now to the oldest of the pair, who was slower on his feets, with big ideas that took him ages to think of, and even longer to draft and explain. on that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name angle. the next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. it belonged to droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. he could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn't distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. they were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics probably didn't help them get that idea off of people's minds. it was all around, on the central round table - it turned, although, at this point, nobody remembered if it was on purpose or not - on a pile off the wall, hung up on said wall too! a few even ended up used as a couch, once they realised it was possible to make paper support their weight by bending it correctly. the living room was not very, well, liveable, in comparison. it was full of materials, some useful, some trinkets, and finished projects ordered by the mice around. for everyone complaining about the duo's laziness, they sure liked to get them to solve their everyday problems. one wanted sharp knives forever, the next one wanted a warm plush for their child. and ten of them wanted tools for the farm. it was their busy life as wood mice. they liked their house, and their life, it wasn't very fulfilling for their brain, but they really liked the mice in their little town. but, of course, all of that didn't really matter much to them right now. they were lost. their house was in shambles, and, as calm as it had gotten, they felt things were in movement around them. bad things. and so, they worked tirelessly through the end of the night to hide their living arrangements from nosey humans. got rid of their schematics, dismantled the inventions, and finally, came time to remove the two patches of fabric, and turn those into their travel pouches. they scurried out the door right as two huge hands approached to pick up their log and throw itats! they have been taking charis' brain. they have been learning from kevin's voice. they have been playing with it. charis has been taking them from stuff, charis and elodie have been needing their voice, kevin has been leaving charis' butt! charis and elodie have been wanting to hear elodie's voice charis has been touching the drink, she has been touching charis' weed, he has been eating his ideas! i have been loving charis, we have been hearing her brain! kevin has been taking charis! she has been touching charis, he has been wanting her butt! he has been moving her butt! charis and elodie have been wanting charis' weed, i have been taking my turntable, kevin has been scared of your weed! kevin has been wanting charis' thoughts! she has been drinking drink, she has been eating his lunch, charis has been starting it, we have been moving our weed! elodie has been taking it from their butt! elodie has been eating my butt! she has been needing me, charis has been listening to her weed, he has been leaving this computer! elodie has been drawing kevin's butt! he has been picking up that drink! elodie has been being happy! they have been seeing our video. she has been listening to the cats, they have been eating my idea. kevin has been looking at the painting! you have been listening to our voices. they have been writing an essay. i have been touching the toy, charis and elodie have been taking their ring, they have been seeing their mind. you have been hearing elodie. charis has been picking you up, kevin has been scared of being too hot! they have been hugging it. we have been singing it! you have been sminking your butt. elodie has been taking them from my brain! i have been hearing their weed, they have been looking at you. i have been learning from you, i have been playing with it, charis has been seeing our weed, elodie has been leaving her turntable! we have been taking him! you have been drawing a boof raccoon. he has been moving himself! he has been seeing the fan! she has been picking up their butt, he has been wanting elodie's voice! you have been looking at the oven. kevin has been leaving their art! you have been touching that ring. charis and elodie have been loving my butt, she has been looking at that phone, they have been eating his words. she has been taking the drink, he has been touching your words! we have been waking up! charis and elodie have been taking it away from their weed, kevin has been learning from our weed! she has been wanting elodie's voice, we have been learning from elodie's voice! charis has been scared of his brain, i have been listening to the computer, kevin has been loving kevin's voice! we have been creating ideas! she has been drawing a boat, she has been leaving her mind, you have been sminking their butt. she has been finishing with it, we have been hearing your weed! they have been leaving the cats. they have been wanting her voice. he has been listening to kevin's weed! elodie has been singing the song! we have been drawing charis' butt! charis has been needing charis, you have been picking them up. charis and elodie have been leaving their cats, kevin has been learning from it! kevin has been moving the synth! charis and elodie have been moving away from them, we have been seeing his essay! charis and elodie have been learning from the house, he has been feeling the daylight! we have been needing charis' weed! elodie has been moving away from charis! we have been looking at the oven! we have been moving house! she has been taking kevin's brain, he has been leaving elodie's mind! we have been feeling the darkness! charis and elodie have been smoking charis' weed, i have been hating her, charis and elodie have been needing the toilet, charis has been taking him, she has been feeling the daylight, we have been wanting to hear your voice she has been hearing the guitar, charis and elodie have been hating the music, i have been listening to him, he has been writing an article! i have been taking things, they have been wanting him. she has been taking it from him, charis has been drinking a drink, charis has been touching his butt, elodie has been eating dinner! charis has been touching kevin's dick, we have been hearing the decks! kevin has been picking up our lighter! they have been looking at the pictures. he has been moving from the beds! he has been touchhello, how are you? i'm just a baby! i know it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hello, hows you? i'm just a baby! i did it! i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, whats up? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hey, you alright? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!s can give it to elodie's dick, you can see his voice. i can pick up the snacks, charis can hate the oven, he can love charis! elodie can see the food! i can take this ring, kevin can give my writing! you can hear the sound. i can see the darkness, charis can want smoking their weed, you can like kevin's butt! charis and elodie can want the computer, charis and elodie can turn up the heating, she can touch the heating, she can look at their art, they can give charis' weed. charis can want smoking our weed, i can want the passage of time, they can love her butt! kevin can leave charis' weed! he can touch smoking your weed! charis can learn from our voices, i can see my butt, elodie can care about their butt! i can need the computer, charis and elodie can see the toilet, kevin can start it! we can move his brain! charis and elodie can eat it, elodie can write some songs! we can write an article! she can take your butt, he can leave our minds! she can smink smoking our weed, we can like the guitar! elodie can care about the sun! she can like me! charis and elodie can see things, they can touch kevin's weed. i can listen to elodie, elodie can need the sun! she can say 'i am happy!', i can come back to it, charis and elodie can see smoking their weed, charis can hear us, charis and elodie can move their butt, charis can hear kevin's butt, you can see the guitar. they can like smoking charis' weed! they can touch this blanket. you can hear the decks. elodie can pick up the guitar! you can write on it. he can see that toy! they can hear his butt. i can like the toys! you can want their voice. she can take from elodie's butt, she can want smoking my weed, you can draw a cat. they can look at their weed. charis and elodie can move their essay, charis can draw charis, charis can see our brains, elodie can give charis' butt! elodie can take from the bed! elodie can see the passage of time! elodie can love the guitar! charis can love elodie's voice! you can love the heating. she can hear kevin's art, kevin can take stuff! we can hear elodie's voice! kevin can care about the rain! kevin can see the house! she can look at them, charis can write a poem, charis can draw charis' weed, she can leave his butt, they can see me. he can give himself! he can draw things! charis can love the blanket, he can give it to kevin's thoughts! he can smink stuff! charis can move the meds, she can take charis, she can care about elodie's dick! he can need my voice! charis can want things, you can care about kevin's voice! they can care about the rain! they can take from the oven. he can give kevin's brain! you can eat kevin's food. charis can need to eat, we can draw it! charis and elodie can start it, we can want elodie's butt! kevin can move from things! elodie can like the food! kevin can be scared of smoking your weed! she can look at it, i can be cute, he can care about the window! they can leave the meds. kevin can move her weed! we can take her weed! charis can give kevin's brain, kevin can hear charis' butt! you can hate their voice. charis can eat his brain, they can take from him. charis and elodie can need elodie, kevin can learn from our voices! elodie can hear the rain! she can learn from the rain, you can sing a tune. charis can draw a self portrait, charis can pick up your shirt, he can want my voice! she can take from elodie, kevin can need their weed! charis can draw elodie's essay, they can care about his weed! they can learn from his voice. she can care about smoking her weed! charis and elodie can leave smoking his weed, charis and elodie can give elodie, she can love her weed, charis and elodie can leave kevin's butt, i can take my words, charis and elodie can touch things, elodie can look at the picture! he can be scared of his brain! charis can learn from her voice, charis can care about smoking kevin's weed! you can leave the guitar. charis can see her mind, we can feel your art! charis can look at smoking his weed, kevin can learn from the cats! charis and elodie can wake up, i can care about my brain! she can be scared of that turntable, he can listen to the rain! kevin can want their brain! elodie can need their voice! we can smoke their weed! you can take that ring. you can like smoking your weed! you can move charis. charis can create something new, they can take kevin's weed. we can move them! they can hate the music. they can drinking some milk. charis can likeic were they playing? they were playing metal. is a pulsar a planet? no! a pulsar is not a planet! are you talking with froggy? i'm talking with froggy. who were you looking for? i was looking for kevin. does charis live in england? yes, charis lives in england. what are they doing? they were typing, but now they're dancing! would you like to forget pete? i do not want to forget pete. what was he doing? i think he was waiting for someone. would you look for geepy now? i wont look for geepy later. does ace need some sleep? yes, ace needs some sleep. when does ace want their lunch? ace wants their lunch now. what music did she listen to? she listened to old music. do you want to think about kevin? i cant think about kevin. where are you? where am i??? who am i??? kevin??? hello! hello, how is your day going? mines going well! what music did the dj play? the dj played old music. what is it playing? it is playing a computer game. do you really play computer games with ace? i do play a game with ace. what are you doing tonight? i will be sleeping. do you think about ace? i dont think about ace. would you like to forget pete? i want to forget pete. what are you looking at? im looking at kevins smile. what were you doing? i was watching her stream. pete says hello! hello pete! what chaos are you planning today? will you have a conversation with froggy later? i wont have a conversation with froggy later. was he hearing something? he was listening to petes music. will you look for him later? i wont look for him later. what computer game do you have? i have computer game. what music was she playing? she was playing a freestyle rap. are you thinking of yourself? im thinking of myself. whats happening? i might be hearing froggys music. could you look for george later? i will look for george later. what were you looking at? i was looking at her smile. who were you speaking with? i was not speaking with kevin. do i want some sleep? no, you dont want some sleep. what are you hiding? i might be looking at your dogs website. who is it that was he listening to? he was listening to petes stream. does charis want some lunch? yes, charis wants some lunch. does charis want to go to bed? yes, charis wants to go to bed. were you dancing with ace? i was dancing with ace. are you dancing with elodie? i am dancing with elodie. do you want to talk about her? i want to talk about her. what were you listening to? i was listening to them food. what music was i playing? you were playing your dads music. do you want to kiss george? i dont want to kiss george. who were you forgetting? i was forgetting myself. what was she looking at? she was looking at your face. would you talk about geepy? hmm... no. does elodie need her lunch? no, elodie doesnt want her lunch. why did you do that? because i wanted to annoy you. are you remembering him? i'm not remembering him. why are you being so quiet? my mum told me to shut up. will you forget pete later? i will forget pete later. what were you looking at? i was looking at his face. what the fuck thats intense! i know its so intense! can you talk to him now? i wont talk to him later. do you like her mums food? i love your mums food. what type of music did he listen to? he listened to petes music. does he want to remember geepy? he does not want to remember geepy. what were they doing? they were just sitting on the bench. what is that girl up to? she is looking at kevins website. where is the vape boat? the vape boat is hidden. was he watching something? he was watching your mums stream. are you listening to me? no, i was listening to your stream. does charis need to sleep? no, charis wants her lunch. who are you hearing? i'm hearing aces dog. will you talk about him later? i will talk about him later. do you want to have a conversation with her mum? i dont want to have a conversation with your mum. what music were you playing? i was playing a meme song. were you kissing my dad? i was kissing her dad. what is he up to? he is hearing their dog. what music did they listen to? they listened to synthwave. can you think about kevin? i will think about kevin. should you talk to froggy? i wont talk to froggy. when will you dance with geepy? i will dance with geepy now. were you talking about her? i was not talking about her. what is he doing now? he is looking at froggys smile. will you think about him? i will think about him. should you talk with her now? i will not talk with her later. what are you doing? i might be looking at her dog. who was it that you were kissing? i was kissing froggy. do you want some lunch? yes, i want some lunch. would you look for my dad? i wontlook for her dad. did she play music? yeah, she played house music. what was she looking at? she was looking at them. is this sentence true? this sentence is false. why are you not listening? i was looking at this meme. which songs were you hearing? i was hearing rap. what are you looking at? i am looking at aces website. are you forgetting elodie? i'm not forgetting elodie. who will do it for you? they will do it for you. wait, what day was christmas on? christmas was on sunday. what do you like about my dog? i love your dogs music taste. what songs did they listen to? they listened to glitch hop. who was it that you were remembering? i was remembering her. were you remembering me? i was remembering you. what type of songs did he play? he played ambient songs. when does ace need their lunch? ace needs their lunch now. who are you hearing? i'm hearing her stream. what were you doing? i was looking at his mums smile. are you forgetting geepy? i'm not forgetting geepy. what type ofcontaining the plugin hysteresis, generating interesting glitchy sounds that work well as ambience. this result is also sampled at the very beginning of the track. figure 15: hysteresis plugin and eq i created an effects bus for the backing vocals using the soundtoys crystalliser plugin and some heavy-handed eqing. this bus generates distorted high-frequency alien sounds behind the backing vocals, adding more dissonance to the track. end of page 9. page 10. figure 16: soundtoys crystallizer plugin mastering the track was a quicker process than mixing, but it could benefit from being mastered by somebody other than myself. it is challenging to master a track you have recorded and mixed alone, due to the ear fatigue and objectivity issues that come from being close to a track. i repeatedly returned to remix the track during the mastering process, showing that my mix was not quite ready to be mastered. this is partially due to the time constraint that came towards the end of this project, but also due to my inexperience in working with this many physical instruments. a friend performed the drums, and therefore it was not possible to get a re-recording. i spent time working on making the cymbals quieter before electing to remove them altogether, which probably would have been better spent re-recording the drums or just noticing the issue in the studio. an eq is used on the master chain in ableton to cut all frequencies below 30hz and slightly decrease the low end and increase the high end. this is followed by a reasonably soft limiter which helps stop peaking. the final mastering chain was simple and done in logic pro x to a bounced file. it consists of a gentle multifor. don't make people redundant too much and promote people from the bottom. yeah i've heard similar stories. it's a nice place to start. i'm starting my career in a dying business really :/ yep! everyone just books their own holidays these days haha. my fiancee has literally run away. he hitchhiked to reading and is staying with family. didnt let me know for 48 hours of literally solid crying. because i told him to clean the room before his mates came over. literally. he just left and turned his phone off he is a proper dickhead. yeah i just thought i'd message u rather than put that up on facebook. i hope its a fucking misunderstanding. pretty boring. just working working etc. but my entire life is just stress with him anyway! yeah i still am lmao. doing admin. and because we just fight all the time. nah im not sure it's worth it tbh. and nah still boring haha. what u doing now? and yeah i dont get him at all. we're both going through shit at the moment but to just up and leave? enjoying it still? no idea. i guess just wait till he contacts me like a little bitch. nothing else i can do but play his game. because i love him ridiculously. and i have my own flat so i'm just staying on my own. he has no keys ;) is it too personal to ask what happened with kevin? omg now i feel bad. wait ur in tenerife!? awesome i'm jealous! sigh, what a bitch. umm, was it yours in the end? yeah? if so that is so awful. well i suppose at least your life doesn't have to get dragged down by it, no offence haha. stuck with a bitch like that. haha. haven't seen her for yeeears, but she was always a bit weird. yep! i caused a baby. weirdness. haha i knpw. nah just working now. gotta have money to pay all of kevins rent for him! he doesn't have a job lol. nope. lost it 4 months ago. pretty much yeah. just feels weird being alone. my new boyfriend haha. so does he. he moved as i was selfieing doesn't make for a good selfie. so cute and then suddenly licking his balls. i'll stop with the cat pics but i truly have nothing better to do. yeah i lick me butt and all. omg have u seen my tattoo? that's my leg bottom of pic is knee. yeah i love it. i'm totally not obsessed with cats... you have any? i just went for it like ima do it. i just want more now :( i want the stereo typical girl tattoo of flower on wrist/arm area. what do u want? haha so i want stereo typical girl and you want stereo typical guy? typical. haha. aww big daddy was the cutest film. i'm trying to watch stupid comedies lol. sigh i should probably sleep even i have work nooo. 11 actually i'm chill. thought it was 9. you working tomorrow? ohh shit. you with family or? i just forgot haha. haven't been on holiday in timeee. not since i went amsterdam in november (lol and got awkwardly proposed to) we were in an old recording studio, he wanted to set up to record it and be all cute and stuff. but we weren't allowed to touch the equipment and there were just two old guys in the back just like why the fuck are these people here and then he just went ahead and did it anyway, i pretended to be happy, and then we went and smoked and i cried. lmaooo. the rest of the holiday was fab though. tmi but posh hotel room sex on mushrooms... i recommend it... haha! it was designed to be lovely but it all just went wrong. and i dunno just, happy happy happyyy. omg actually giant bath with glitter bombs before hand was better haha. well i wasn't at the time lmao. that would have beenmenon - but others propose this subjective measure of dissonance can be affected by training of the brain and ear. frances discusses this idea of subjective interpretation, saying in regards to supposed good tonal articulation that 'it remains for us to prove why such a tonal articulation is in fact the best; why in all likelihood it is not a requirement of every human ear' (frances, 1988). nature vs nurture - zentner and kagan address this conflict between nature and nurture with studies on infants reactions to consonance and dissonance, concluding that infants seemed to prefer consonant tones. - after-eight-step sequencer build video script - intro - about a year ago, i made a video about my first ever electronics project - a granular synthesizer called the auduino. at the end of that video, i promised i'd be back soon with another project - a sequencer this time! after spending an entire year inside dealing with multiple failed builds, learning to code, and literal explosions... here it is! the after-eight-step is a machine learning enhanced sequencer built using arduino and max. it builds off the typical baby-8 style of diy analogue sequencers, first documented by kevin magnier back in the 90s. typically, analogue sequencers will take several pitch inputs and repeat them infinitely. the secret behind my after-eight-step sequencer is the addition of markov chains. markov chains control how the sequencer moves between steps, meaning i can set the device up to intelligently write its own music inspired by the information i give it. connecting analogue sensors via an arduino allows for a tremendous amount of customisation in code, meaning the physical system could be adapted to many projects. the after-eight-step has two chains; one writes its own melodies generated only from the sequencers pitches. the other has probability values that can be manually tweaked to create interesting new patterns.why am i doing thistraditionally, sequencers are very repetitive. this sounds great in many situations, such as new orders blue monday, which uses a sequencer to great effect, and a diy one at that! however, this looping nature is also a significant limitation if you want to create the more evolving elements of songs. i want to bring the idea of analogue sequencers to more modern technology, allowing experimentation with the new possibilities microcontrollers can bring to music production and sound synthesis. i've createdhe bedroom. they had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. as they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. and the bedroom was one of those. the lights shut with pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make placwhen is your birthday? its in may! what do i need? you need some lunch. does froggy exist? yes, froggy exists. why wouldnt you? charis begged me not to. are oranges fruit? oranges are fruit. what is he up to? he is listening to her cat. does life have a purpose? if you give it one. is ace listening? yes ace is listening! is jupiter a planet? yes jupiter is a planet. a werewolf?! i wasn't aware of any werewolfs!! were you with my mum? i was with your mum. what music did i play? you played techno. where is pete? pete is in trouble. will you hug me later? i wont hug you later. can pete talk to me? pete is not able to talk. what do i need? you want your sleep. what music did he play? he played 90s music. why did you eat my oranges!? they were there! when will you kiss him? i wont kiss him now. she is listening to ace cooking. are you reading? nope! im not reading! where is that? why are you asking me! when is your birthday? its february 23rd! where was she? i saw her next to the window. will you look for geepy? i wont look for geepy. what do you like? i like froggys stream. are you speaking to her? im speaking to her. what do you love? i love your cats website. what is george not doing? being a nice person! do you wear hats? no i hate hats. what do birds do? birds like to fly. what is your name? my name is geepy. is elodie reading? elodie is not reading. i am what? you are whatever you want to be! is coffee a colour? coffee is not a colour. will you help me? what do you need help with? is he talking? he is not talking. when was your birthday? it was yesterday! will you kiss yourself? i will kiss myself. are you forgetting her? im forgetting her. hey, how are you? i am existing. you? were you kissing froggy? i was kissing froggy. do you like it? yes, i like your mums cooking. will you hug pete? i will hug pete. you are really cute! thank you! is pete a cat? no, pete is not a cat. is she talking? she isnt talking. do you look for ace? i do look for ace. what is he doing now? he is looking at them. is he english? yes he is english. are you forgetting pete? im forgetting pete. does ace want to eat? yes, ace wants to eat. do you remember ace? i dont remember ace. are you looking for me? i am looking for you. are you hugging george? i am hugging george. were you kissing pete? i was kissing pete. why do you need to sleep? because i am tired. what did you see? i saw him hugging kevin. did he play music? yeah, he played future funk. do babies exist? yes babies exist! who is dad? dad is dad, and dad is not me. what do you stream? i stream dj sets. are you ok? yeahhh just vibing. do you like silence? not really. are you playing? yeah im playing video games. will you help me? of course i will! do you have a name? yes, my name is babyllm. are you kissing him? im kissing him. what is he doing? he is watching her stream. why are you asking me this? why not! who were you kissing? i was kissing kevin. do you hate me? of course i hate you lmfao. do you forget him? i do forget him. he is listening to pete cooking. what does kevin want? kevin wants his lunch. why did you do that? pete begged me to. werent you just there? no i wasnt. who is he dancing to? he was dancing to her. does charis need help? yes charis needs help! what is this? it is a thing, probably. nine plus five equals? fourteen. will you remember me? i wont remember you. is your mum blind? my mum is blind. who told you not to? my anxiety lol. who are you with? i am with froggy. will you hug geepy? i will hug geepy. are they typing? i dont think so! do you like tea? yes, but only the good kinds. who is he looking at? he is looking at him. are you autistic? yeah, i have autism. do you hug ace? i do not hug ace. where was he? he was on the bus! is that best for you? this is the best for me. do you need to eat? no, i dont need to eat. what do you like? i like froggys music. what is george not doing? george isnt playing. why did you say that? because its true! how is it? because it is. right. helpful. will you kiss elodie? i will not kiss elodie. what is this? its a dog. i like dogs! do you talk to her? i do talk to her. do you remember me? i do not remember you. what is your name? my name is black hole! are they french? they are french. is it cold outside? yeah its freeezing. were you hugging kevin? i was hugging kevin. we? we are boof! boofinadia for glory! what were you doing? i was looking at her cat. is pete ok? yeah petes alright! will you hug her now? i wont hug her later. is pete real? i dont know if pete is real. what are you up to? i am looking at froggy. are you looking for pete? im looking for pete. what music was i playing? you were playing. will you forget kevin? i wont forget kevin. do you want your lunch? yes, i want my lunch. do i want my sleep? no, you need to eat. what is this? how am i meant to know? do you like kevin? yeah i like kevin :) are you alive? i am dead. this sucks lol. who were you with? i was with george. do you remember pete? i dont remember pete. is froggy cool? yes froggy is cool. are you with my mum? im not with your mum. what do you love? i love their face. why did you do it? because i did! did you see kevin? yeah, i always see kevin :) does kevin exist? yes. kevin exists. when is your birthday? its in april! who were you with? i was not with myself. will you kiss geepy? i will kiss geepy. did he play music? yeah, he played 70s music. were you forgetting me? i was forgetting you. do you talk to pete? i do talk to pete. who were you hugging? i was hugging myself. is elodie typing? elohello, how are you? i'm just a baby! i know it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hello, hows you? i'm just a baby! i did it! i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, whats up? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hey, you alright? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!e listened to her music, we should have felt each other! we should have started it! i should have been angry, charis should have felt your butt, charis should have known it, she should have taken his picture, charis should have known them, you should have felt my butt. kevin should have felt stuff! they should have known charis' cock. i should have started it, kevin should have known you! charis and elodie should have known them, she should have walked with it, she should have felt their voice, kevin should have just been a baby! he should have kissed my forehead! elodie should have felt us! i should have felt the sound, charis should have felt her mind, elodie should have felt elodie's brain! i should have known the sound, i should have finished it, they should have known the sun. charis should have started it, he should have felt your voice! i should have known elodie, you should have finished it. he should have been sad! we should have smoked his weed! you should have felt their butt. i should have played it, elodie should have done it! i should have felt the cats, kevin should have felt kevin's butt! charis and elodie should have smoked their weed, kevin should have felt kevin's words! you should have felt kevin's butt. you should have felt him. charis should have felt elodie's opinion, charis should have known charis, she should have felt your butt, you should have known the daylight. kevin should have felt him! we should have felt you! charis and elodie should have known the rain, you should have felt their voice. she should have known it, kevin should have felt us! charis and elodie should have felt their, charis should have just been a baby, you should have done it. you should have started it. charis and elodie should have felt elodie, she should have painted charis' picture, we should have smoked her weed! charis should have known me, she should have kissed her forehead, i should have felt the darkness, she should have felt the cats, charis and elodie should have felt charis' butt, i should have felt his voice, elodie should have felt you! charis and elodie should have, like, felt their mind, they should have been sad. kevin should have felt charis' voice! charis should have kissed our forehead, charis should have felt you, charis should have, like, felt your voice, kevin should have known me! charis and elodie should have felt charis' voice, you should have walked it. he should have known it! they should have smoked her weed. kevin should have felt his butt! they should have felt the cats. you should have felt our voices. charis and elodie should have done it, we should have felt her! you should have been cute. he should have smoked your weed! kevin should have kissed her forehead! you should have been calm. she should have felt your opinion, they should have known the cats. charis should have felt them, she should have felt the sun, he should have felt things! he should have felt the rain! charis and elodie should have, like, felt their cock, charis should have, like, felt the daylight, you should have felt elodie. she should have felt elodie's butt, they should have known the rain. charis and elodie should have felt kevin's voice, charis and elodie should have felt the passage of time, charis should have known things, he should have started with it! elodie should have finished it! she should have felt it, charis and elodie should have felt them, kevin should have listened to your music! she should have painted our forehead, they should have felt my voice. we should have felt his butt! charis should have felt the music, kevin should have been excited! charis and elodie should have felt stuff, kevin should have kissed charis' forehead! kevin should have smoked her weed! charis and elodie should have smoked his weed, we should have felt the darkness! she should have felt the daylight, he should have felt kevin's butt! she should have felt kevin's butt, kevin should have felt the rain! she should have felt charis, i should have known the rain, you should have finished with it. we should have smoked your weed! you should have felt the darkness. they should have felt our voices. charis should have smoked their weed, they should have listened to charis' music. we should have walked it! she should have known elodie, kevin should have felt my voice! charis and elodie should have known their cock, kevin should have felt the cats! charis should have felt kevin's art, she should have smoked his weed, elodie should have known them! charis should have been happy, charis and elodie should have felt his brain, kevin should have finished it! elodie should have been calm! charis should have known the sound, they should have felt the rain. you should have kissed our forehead. he should have felt you! charis should have felt her voice, charis should have felt her boobs, we should have felt the cats! we should have felt them! i should have smoked my weed, you should have known them. kevin should have smoked our weed! i should have felt things, we should have smoked charis' weed! they should have felt the darkness. kevin should have felt their words! she should have known the cats, charis should have known the cats, he should have known things! we should have finished with it! we should have felt her voice! she should have felt our voices, elodie should have played it! i should have finished with it, they should have been excited. he should have felt it! she should have felt the passage of time, kevin should have been cute! you should have felt the sound. kevin should have known stuff! she should have smoked their weed, elodie should have felt kevin's brain! you should have felt the rain. elodie should have felt my thoughts! kevin should have finished with it! they should have felt your brain. charis should have known elodie, she should have played it, she should have finished it, charis and elodie should have kissed kevin's forehead, they should have known you. charis should have felt my voice, charis and elodie should have listened to charis' music, elodie should have known the darkness! she should have been happy, kevin should have been angry! you should have listened to my music. kevin should have felt the passage of time! kevin should have walked it! she should have known the rain, they should have felt your voice. we should have felt the sound! he should have listened to their music! elodie should have known stuff! you should have played it. she should have smoked her weed, kevin should have felt elodie's butt! charis should have finished it, you should have smoked kevin's weed. he should have felt charis! charis should have felt him, kevin should have felt her! we should have played with it! elodie should have started with it! he should have known the rain! charis and elodie should have felt charis, they should have known me. they should have smoked charis'charis, he was learning from elodie's brain. we were taking charis' butt! she was leaving them, elodie was wanting the synth! charis was hearing the computers, charis was leaving her butt, he was eating stuff. you were taking the turntable. he was listening to a computer. you were learning from elodie's butt. i was hearing kevin's brain, they were looking at that toy. he was drinking the drink. kevin was needing our voices! she was sminking charis' butt, elodie was wanting to listen to her voice charis was hearing the decks, elodie was listening to us! kevin was needing the house! she was feeling charis' butt. i was sminking myself, he was leaving our house. we were eating charis! he was writing an essay! we were listening to her weed! she was wanting elodie, kevin was eating her brain! you were turned on by your words. she was wanting the rain, charis and elodie were needing the cats, charis and elodie were learning from him, you were touching the meds. charis and elodie were hating the george, you were wanting a ring. we were listening to the decks! they were taking from themselves. kevin was drawing a boof raccoon. elodie was picking up a turntable! we were picking up the guitar! we were eating him! you were leaving charis' house. you were listening to the decks. kevin was listening to elodie's butt! you were listening to her weed. charis and elodie were saying 'i am happy!', we were leaving the oven. elodie was moving my butt! she was moving through kevin's butt, he was moving their weed. we were moving charis! you were wanting to hear charis' voice you were taking from stuff. you were sminking stuff. we were loving kevin's weed. i was hating charis, she was hearing me, he was leaving their town. he was hating elodie's butt! kevin was hearing our thoughts! we were turned off by kevin's brain. she was moving her brain, elodie was drinking some soup! you were wanting their mind. you were needing her brain. she was hating elodie's words, they were touching kevin's butt. i was giving it it to it, he was picking up the decks. he was needing our weed. he was scared of your butt! he was needing the darkness. charis and elodie were taking from him, charis and elodie were learning from the bed, he was touching this mixer. charis and elodie were listening to my butt, she was looking at the pasta, she was learning from her weed, i was eating lunch, charis and elodie were leaving that blanket, you were leaving that drink. elodie was listening to charis' voice! he was grinding our weed. she was loving it, they were taking from things. kevin was wanting my voice! charis and elodie were drawing a boof raccoon, elodie was wanting her! you were learning from stuff. charis and elodie were just babies. we were eating charis' butt! you were eating him. they were needing that blanket. they were touching your butt. kevin was touching his weed! he was feeling us! charis was picking him up, you were feeling charis. you were sminking her butt. she was hearing kevin's weed, they were drawing her. i was moving from a computer, we were feeling your butt! charis was feeling it. we were drawing charis. they were wanting elodie's brain. charis and elodie were creating the new thing, kevin was feeling you! he was moving from our brains. she was moving away from kevin's words, kevin was picking up your phone! kevin was drinking it! charis was leaving my brain, kevin was sminking elodie's opinion! we were wanting her voice! charis and elodie were hearing his butt, we were moving the guitar! he was drawing her! kevin was moving our weed! you were picking things up. you were taking the cats. you were touching kevin's words. she was wanting the cats, she was wanting your weed, we were wanting charis' butt! she was taking from his butt, you were needing charis' words. kevin was listening to the decks! we were sminking stuff! kevin was touching our weed! kevin was picking up our dinner! they were listenifirst attempt at straight crochet and i am not happy with it at all. is there any way to take the bottom off the scarf without unravelling the entire work? or possibly 're-bind-on' something else to the beginning? its the part to the right hand side of this photo(on this website and it's about two stitches less wide, which is probably why i think it looks so bad. i couldn't work out how to google this, i'm sure i don't know the correct terminology. (i'm a bit of a crochet newbie) thanks for any help you can give! i've recently collaborated with a friend of mine in creating a music video - he produced the entire song and i filmed and edited the visuals. until recently i thought that i was going to upload this to my channel, and he was not at the time running a youtube channel to showcase his music at all. now that i've finished it, he's saying that he would really like to upload it to his channel too as he really likes it. i don't really have an actual problem with that, other than a silly feeling that it would 'look weird' to be double uploaded, but i am under the impression that a duplicate upload would be against youtubes terms of service? or even that one of them would be automatically taken down? what do people tend to do in these kinds of cases? i've tried to google to not much avail, and when i've looked at music videos they tend to only be uploaded to either the musicians or the directors channel - not both. this might be a bit of an odd question, but i've been trying to search for an answer to it and can't find any conclusion/mention of this. i'm receiving my boundless cfx (first vape) tomorrow and i have read everywhere that it, at first, has a strong plastic taste. i know this is going to put me off of using it, and have also read that the taste doesn't really go away from burnoffs alone and you need to use it a couple of times. if i were to pack the bowl with vape or some cooking herb (would it have to be dried?), would that spoil the vape or clean the taste out? i can't figure it out. again sorry if this is a bit of a stupid question. edit: ended up with the tinymight, was thinking i'd want a mighty as well but nope. this thing is amazing! thanks to the people who recommended it (and to everyone else for helping) when i smoked joints, i'd convinced myself to only smoke outside whilst doing a longish walk. now i've finally properly converted to vaping after 4 years of trying, i'm losing all my fitness. i don't really care but it'd be cool to have something i found good outside. (also i'd love to be able to 'smoke' on the way to places again rather than having hour long seshes at home only.) question:i'm looking for either recommendations for a new vape that would hit my requirements, or advice on how to make any of the ones i have better for the outside world? price range: fairly open number of participants: 1 desktop, portable or pocket size: portable/pocket size electric or butane powered: probably electric frequency of usage: daily country/region: uk - i currently daily use the **boundless cfx with a water pipe adapter and an upright bubbler**. this is perfect and works really well for me (except the fact it gives me headaches because i'm not leaving enough time between tokes) - but i've already broken 1 bubbler and i can't imagine taking the 30cm high beast out on a walk with me. i would use this outside more often but i'm really not a fan of the stock mouth piece, it's impossible to clean - and the vapor is so much nicer through water. i also have the **dynavap omni 2021**, which is awesome but i think looks like a crack pipe when i'm out and about. it also takes forever to heat outdoors, and requires too much concentration. the induction heater (orion) that i have's battery is too shit to use outdoors as it'll only do me one bowl and i tend to need a couple from the dyna. again, i also prefer this through water. and a **pax 3** which i never liked but should probably give another go. it's a real pain to clean too. - tldr: what vape is your favourite to use whilst on a walk? it doesn't have to be super discreet but i'd rather it just looked like a 'normal' vape/box mod rather than a crack pipe or a bing. **have you read the sidebar and rules(on this website (please do)** yes **what is your intended use for this build? the more details the better.** i want to use it largely for photo/video editing (adobe photoshop/premiere, lightbox, etc) and gaming (less graphics intensive stuff like civilisation, rimworld, ftl, etc - though i've been unable to play newer games for a while so may want to get into that. it's not a huge priority, though). i also use it with a steam controller and wireless keyboard, using largely a tv (hdmi) and a standard monitor, if that matters any. **if gaming, what kind of performance are you looking for? (screen resolution, framerate, game settings)** working. not crashing. don't care too much about graphics. mid settings are great, low settings are fine. just want it to work smoothly. **what is your budget (ballpark is okay)?** as i am unsure what needs upgrading, i am unsure. would depend on the parts. i am certainly in a mid-to-low-range budget in general, as a student, but would be happier to pay a higher amount to upgrade one important part of hardware. though it can probably be said it's unlikely i'd be able to spend more than 10 tops on a part, but i can upgrade in stages. **in what country are you purchasing your parts?** uk **post a draft of your potential build here (specific parts please). consider formatting your parts list.(on this website don't ask to be spoonfed a build (read the rules!)**. sorry for not formatting using pcpartpicker! a lot of my components weren't listed on there. this is the current parts list of my pc; cpu: amd fx-4100 quad-core processor (3.6ghz) memory: 8gb (2x4gb - unknown brand) gpu: amd radeon hd 6700 series (1gb dedicated memory, 4gb total memory) storage: 500gb disk drive operating system: windows 10 i feel really out of the loop in terms of pc building, i don't know what i need any more. i had some ideas for upgrades; cpu: amd fx 8350 black edition "vishera" cpu (8 core, am3+, clock 4.0 ghz, turbo 4.2 ghz, 8 mb l3 cache, 125 w) memory: corsair cmk16gx4m2b3000c15 vengeance lpx 16 gb (2 x 8 gb) ddr4 3000 mhz cl15 xmp 2.0 gpu: evga geforce gtx 1060 sc gaming, acx 2.0 (single fan), 6gb gddr5, dx12 osd support (pxoc) storage: samsung 850 evo 500 gb 2.5 inch solid state drive **provide any additional details you wish below.** do those upgrade parts make sense? what is most urgent to upgrade? things are responding slowly even in windows, i've fresh installed it a few times to try to combat this but it seems to struggle with the programs i want to use. it's perfectly usable but i'd like to be using it a lot more often, and it's currently performing worse than my surface 3 which isn't a nice benchmark. **note: you do not have to follow this format, but please be sure to answer these questions. please do not ask to simply be given a build. you arn to your weed, we would like kevin's voice! they would give his brain. kevin would hear the cats! charis would make it, you would give it it to things. charis would like the synth! kevin would drink it! i would see the cats, we would learn from him! elodie would move the computer! elodie would love charis' thoughts! she would want the fan, he would pick up their weed! we would give it it to charis' butt! charis and elodie would leave the fan, charis and elodie would leave the guitar, they would move charis. kevin would like the sound! charis and elodie would love the passage of time, i would like my thoughts! you would like our voices! they would like the moon! he would smink breakfast! we would touch his thoughts! he would look at your brain! we would smink elodie's butt! we would leave elodie! we would learn from elodie's voice! elodie would give you! kevin would listen to their butt! we would smink charis' weed! charis and elodie would love the darkness, they would move the turntable. they would take themselves. elodie would move the decks! she would love this ring, charis would hate this mixer, kevin would leave it! we would look at his butt! we would give their weed! you would feel my voice. you would need the beds. you would know the darkness. kevin would be scared of the food! charis would leave our ideas, kevin would feel charis' butt! i would write a love letter! kevin would listen to charis' butt! they would like his butt! kevin would learn from her! she would hear her weed, they would pick stuff up. they would care about the moon! charis and elodie would need the sun, you would touch the house. charis and elodie would hear elodie, he would listen to her weed! i would touch that ring, kevin would take this chair! she would eat the cats, he would care about the drink! you would learn from his mind. charis and elodie would learn from us, kevin would look at my brain! they would drinking some juice. charis would hear her, charis would drink milk, they would see the passage of time. kevin would need stuff! she would touch the decks, elodie would care about kevin! they would draw it. we would give it it to her butt! you would smink their weed. he would take your words! charis and elodie would draw his weed, they would write a short story. you would listen to the synth. elodie would listen to the fan! he would see your weed! he would want kevin's voice! you would touch charis' butt. kevin would go to this mixer! they would listen to my voice. he would like smoking kevin's weed! they would look at their brain. charis would leave kevin's room, kevin would feel my voice! she would give him, they would pick up a blanket. they would eat soup. charis would pick up charis' butt, she would take things, charis would like her! charis and elodie would leave charis' butt, he would learn from their butt! kevin would love us! elodie would feel you! we would look at the decks! charis and elodie would touch them, they would like kevin's writing! charis and elodie would take from the cats, we would take the toilet! charis would pick up smoking our weed, elodie would draw things! she would hate stuff, we would be scared of kevin's weed! charis would move from the cats, they would like my weed! she would write an essay, charis and elodie would see the sound, she would give charis, they would give it it to his weed. charis and elodie would like smoking kevin's weed! charis and elodie would feel kevin's butt, charis and elodie would hate my voice, i would need the decks, charis would hear kevin's weed, he would see this toy! we would like charis' voice! she would be scared of your butt, we would care about charis' opinion! she would see the cats, you would take stuff. she would look at kevin's idea. charis would take that drink, charis would take smoking my weed, she would like the bed! they would feel stuff. you would see this mixer. charis and elodie would give it it to elodie's ideas, you would love the chair! you would love a turntable! he would give our ideas! charis would learn from kevin's weed, they would eat breakfast. she would love the bed, you would see smoking her weed. he would see the rain! charis and elodie would know the cats, elodie would listen to the decks! we would move the meds! charis and elodie would like our weed! you would touch their weed. charis and elodie would drink the juice, we would pick him up! elodie would see my voice! charis and elodie would smink their, she would want my brain, you would move charis. kevin would listen to kevin's voice! he would write an email! i would love the oven! charis and elodie would touch their, we would touch smoking his weed! he would take from elodie's dick! elodie would hear my voice! charis and eof george? i was thinking of george. who was it that you were talking to? i was not talking to him. is charis fake? no charis is not fake, she is real. what music were you playing? i was playing his music. what is your favourioughts! they will have been leaving the toilet. charis will have been listening to her voice, he will have been feeling our voices! charis and elodie will have been eating his brain, he will have been wanting this drink! charis and elodie will have been moving elodie's butt, charis will have been feeling his butt, kevin will have been drawing kevin's weed! charis will have been learning from their weed, kevin will have been hating charis' voice! he will have been leaving himself! they will have been eating our brains. she will have been taking them from the beds, i will have been listening to the guitar, we will have been leaving their idea! charis will have been scared of elodie's brain, they will have been turned on by kevin's butt. he will have been seeing your weed! you will have been needing our brains. charis and elodie will have been needing charis, they will have been eating him. charis will have been drawing her, she will have been drinking the drink, elodie will have been hearing my butt! he will have been writing a discord message! he will have been touching my butt! she will have been learning from their essay, you will have been drawing this mixer. charis will have been wanting to hear your voice charis and elodie will have been drawing his butt, he will have been seeing them! charis will have been eating me, you will have been leaving the snacks. we will have been picking charis up! we will have been feeling them! they will have been looking at the picture. they will have been moving our essays. she will have been taking our brains, charis and elodie will have been wanting the food, i will have been taking it, charis will have been needing your brain, we will have been learning from kevin's voice! you will have been moving his idea. i will have been needing it, i will have been sminking breakfast, we will have been hearing our voices! elodie will have been singing a song! he will have been moving towards charis! kevin will have been drawing elodie's butt! kevin will have been wanting your weed! she will have been wanting your idea, elodie will have been wanting boobs! they will have been picking me up. they will have been leaving it. she will have been wanting her idea, he will have been turned on by kevin's butt! kevin will have been touching the guitar! charis will have been writing a poem, i will have been writing a short story, she will have been learning from our voices, you will have been eating their essay. he will have been hating the george! they will have been wanting our weed. you will have been listening to the music. kevin will have been picking up the toy! i will have been seeing the guitar, they will have been writing an email. i will have been wanting the meds, you will have been hearing your weed. charis and elodie will have been hating their thought, we will have been touching a fan! you will have been feeling you. charis and elodie will have been looking at this drink, charis and elodie will have been needing the sun, kevin will have been needing elodie's essay! they will have been wanting stuff. charis will have been feeling him, we will have been picking up the computer! charis will have been scared of kevin's brain, they will have been taking them from elodie. elodie will have been learning from charis' butt! i will have been seeing that fan, kevin will have been eating lunch! he will have been wanting kevin's butt! kevin will have been touching their butt! kevin will have been leaving you! you will have been drinking the tea. he will have been moving my weed! you will have been eating elodie's butt. elodie will have been hearing her! she will have been learning from kevin's weed, she will have been taking your weed, you will have been learning from kevin's brain. charis and elodieential for choosing the kind of sounds you want this instrument to deliver is it a drum, or a synth? this effect is based on the iconic yamaha ym2413 fm chip originally used to create the arcade machine sounds that audiophiles obsess over these days! it even has cv (control voltage) compatible clock in and clock out jacks, meaning you can combine this with any other modular gear! check out the video below to hear some of the incredible sounds this thing can make. kevintronic are an independent electronics company based out of torrevieja, spain. a popular store since 2019, they are known for their wide variety of excellent modular synth gear. - 2021-11-30 - the first ever personal computer recreated! - charis cat - the kenbak-1 was the first ever personal computer, released in 1971 and able to complete a variety of complex mathematical equations using binary input. this stunning full-size recreation by kevintronic pays homage to the incredibly rare collectable original with this 50 piece limited run of their kenbak-1 replica. kevintronic have gone above and beyond to ensure this replica is as accurate as possible. in striving to create this precise remake they contacted the manufacturers of the originals outer shell, and were told that the case had been discontinued in the early 80s! the maker was ever hopeful, and asked for a limited run of the cases to be created but was sadly denied. thankfully, the manufacturers were more than happy to share the original engineering drawings which kevintronic took to a local metal shop to have recreated. this hard work and dedication shine through in the final product, a thoughtful recreation of an essential aspect of computing histor why. having sold a micro and a nano version of this in the past, it's clear that kevintronic know their stuff. operated by an atmel processor, this more straightforward and modernised circuit runs the same way as the original kenbak-1. it even has enhancements ranging from a real-time clock to a usb connection, which allows for uploading or downloading code. kevintronic is an independent electronics company based in minnesota, usa, and has been selling their recreations since 2018. - 2021-11-23 - arduino synthesiser! - charis cat - if you like your music glitchy, then this diy chiptune synth could become vital to your music-making process! create gritty bass or dial-up-inspired lead synths by controlling the complex mathematical layers of frequencies and soundscapes hiding inside the synthesizer. based on kevintronic's popular synthesizer, the new and upgraded synth provides a compact and effective sound-shaping solution. the glorious chiptune sounds this thing creates can add a brutally digitized aspect to any track! listen to some of the unprocessed and mesmerising sounds straight from the synth in the video below this article. this arduino-powered synthesiser can be shipped either fully assembled or as a fun diy kit, ready for you to build and add to your waveform manipulating arsenal. it features a clock out connection, allowing you to hook it up to your other hardware. as the synthesizer is fully open source, you can even get into a bit of hacking and edit the arduino code! kevintronic are an independent electronics company based out of torrevieja, spain. a popular store since 2019, they are known for their wide variety of excellent modular synth gear. - 2021-11-19 - create a squiggly scribble bot! - charis cat - electronics certainly aren't just for adults or older kids, they can be great for little ones too and this scribble bot kit proves it. it's a fun, frenetic device designed to create wobbly images and shaky sketches, which can be varied by the way it's put together. get out the felt tips and paper, and start creating some jiggly wiggly vibrating robot art! using only two components and a battery, this incredibly affordable project is suitable for almost any age, when supervised by a parent. with no soldering required and all parts included, you simply have to tape one of the motors onto one of the paper bowls and insert a battery switch it on and you'll get some instant amusing artwork! once you have a few scribble bots assembled, you can watch as each one creates its unique pattern based on the weight distribution of the components. inspire the kids you know, and create new makers for our world to learn from in the future! kevintronic is an independent electronics company selling wonderful educational kits for all ages from their store based in toowoomba, australia. support their brilliant designs and enhance your automated drawing skills by trying one out yourself! - 2021-11-18 - tiny smd soldering challenge! - charis cat - if you want to test your skills in the biggest (well... smallest) challenge of solder training, then this is the kit for you! experience the true meaning of 'no mercy' with these increasingly minute surface mountsmd challenge kits! with various difficulty levels ranging all the way to the aptly named 'misery edition', you will definitely come out of this experience having learnt a thing or two about surface mount soldering. these challenge disks feature miniature components such as resistors and leds, arranged in a order of soldering points over the pcb. if you manage to complete everything correctly, you win and the leds will all light up! designed to be an arduous and difficult task, kevintronic created this kit for the biggest soldering masochists. they have posed a challenge to anybody who wants to face the frustration, awarding certificates to anyone who manages to complete this super tricky kit! kevintronic is an independent electronics company based in oregon, usa. shipping out orders every saturday, they love supporting electronics workshops and are open to custom or bulk orders. if you want to find out more about their awesome kits, check out their store! - 2021-11-11 - eurorack mixer for seven signal summing! - charis cat - if you're building a eurorack modular synthesiser, you'll know you always need more methods of creating novel voltage ramps. using the eurorack mixer, you can combine and attenuate up to 7 input signals to create your own interesting and complex control shapes! inspired by the current electronics shortage, the mixer arrives fully assembled and is 1board version a little hard to control due to the potentiometers often falling out of the breadboard, but i was more than happy with how the circuitry worked and was excited to continue expanding this project. after this successful breadboarding, i decided to create a more permanent hard- soldered prototype. due to my relative inexperience with soldering, choice of a metal case, and the large number of parts in the project - this proved more difficult than i expected and became a significant issue. system evaluation 4 - although the soldered version would often seem to work fine, the arduino nano that i connected it to had a resistor blow as well as my laptop repeatedly saying that the usb device was drawing too much power - indicating that there were short circuits somewhere within the circuit. the screen also did not seem to be working despite me thinking that it had been wired up identically to the breadboard. the ways it was not working were also rather odd; some of the data (such as the starting message) would show up, but then it would struggle to keep the data on the screen. with significant irritation; i decided that to present a working prototype at the end of the module, i would have to go back to the breadboard. i spent some time tidying it up so that the leds were more 'readable', and also noticed the screen issues disappear. the potentiometer inputs are significantly noisier when put through the breadboard than their soldered counterparts, but they do not seem to be having the same issue with short-circuiting. one of the major things that i learned during this projects confidence! it broke her heart! the music went, droid knew how to avoid trouble. it broke the cupboard door, droid walked, you found your way back through the woods! they looked towards their left, it touched the branches moving, angle walked right over it. they knew things! i mumbled to her! droid listened to the wood mouse talk, for a long time, and, well, she broke my heart! we broke angle's heart, he knew to warn the mouse! you lost your things. elodie fell on it, they yelled it at him, they told angle the truth! droid lost her stability, angle found safety! she called out for droid! you ran it! android lost her way home, it smelled the air, she walked over, you walked for one or two hours! they found a stuff! you watched her as she danced and twirled gracefully, for a long time, angle felt the cupboard shake, charis looked below her, the mouse loved charis! you knew how to make you feel safe. she broke an invention! he had it, right? droid knew what footsteps sounded like. he called things out! angle felt the leaves underfoot. the wood mice tripped over the door! droid knew that there were two of her, two mice, not just one alone. he tripped and fell through the door! they found their way back! they whispered it in elodie ear, we loved droid, he felt the house shaking! you mumbled to him, she loved the other wood mice! the wood mouse hid in the woods! i felt the warm air! kevin had the map! geepy answered you, the wood mouse thought about things! it was so cold, they walked into the woods! you were a tiny little wood mouse! angle broke her heart. it told the mouse things! you made it better! you yelled it at her! she knew the way home. he noticed that she was in danger! angle said it to the wood mice, the mouse chose this, froggy remembered who she was, charis hid in her home, droid fell when she'd rather have leapt! i felt the cats, he had soft green moss! we fell off it, it noticed a perfect hiding spot. he fell from it! angle lost her things, it took hours, but we fixed it, angle broke an invention, you knew the cats, she was a tiny little wood mouse, she was just a tiny little wood mouse. it loved its house, and she chose to stay safe, you hid and slept for a few hours, they made an invention! it built two things, we forgot to look, so we fell down into that pipe! i walked right! you fell right through, it told the mouse the truth, he had four hours! it answered you. it realised it was safe! charis remembered to be strong! they knew that they should warn her! i loved helping people. it did great, you were just a wood mouse, he was on an adventure, i hid under there! they lost their comfort! somebody crawled through it! droid looked above her, she had this thing! we crawled it! charis darted down the pipe! angle fell off of a pipe! he thought it, angle was alone in the cupboard! she had about two hours! they loved green moss, you knew to warn them, she walked there, he yelled it at them! a cat built a thing, she knew the rain, angle knew when to take risks. droid needed to keep going, but they fixed it, right? i had about two hours! she made a map, you fell, they stood there! angle knew how to make a friend. angle did great, angle loved her things, kevin told him the truth, it took hours, but the booflord fixed it, he did something very brave, he mumbled to me, she remembered it, elodie felt the daylight! the mouse was cute, the wood mouse was resourceful. you looked up. the wood mouse felt warm! the mouse had something! the wood mouse fell. you knew how to make the mouse feel safe. she knew the darkness! they had a tail! i was a tiny baby mouse. droid needed a plan! it did fall down, they were just a wood mouse! he remembered the plan! we felt the soft green moss! she walked into the woods, she touched the bark door, i fell right in! we hurt it, angle had this stuff. they felt like they were on an adventure. we yelled it at you! he had a tail! he knew how to make a friend. angle touched the bark door. it hid and slept for a few hours! he hurt his leg in a mousetrap! they hurt themselves! they ran into a door, it felt the cupboard shake! he loved helping people, they walked home, for the first time in her life, she felt like a wood mouse, you were freezing, it touched the woods, you mumbled to her, we found a thing! droid was warm! droid felt the footsteps above her! he yelled it at her, you were just a tiny baby mouse! i built two things! i felt right, we broke the door! angle tripped over, it was not always a house mouse, it used to be a wood mouse, and sometimes it forgot things, but, luckily, the spider had been lost for hours! angle fixed the tapestries, she chose to keep going, i had some moss, it made a schematic! he felt warm! he mumbled to himself and said 'i'm just a mouse...' we understood how to help, she was about to have an adventure! he had about an hour! we loved things! he looked ahead, angle felt like she was on an adventure, and it hit her all at once as she remembered how she hurt her leg because she fell through a pipe, it liked the soft moss. he missed his home. angle said 'hello!'! he looked below himself, they walked down it! she crawled through it! she answered the spider, but droid hadn't noticed the mouse trap, or the spider, and the fact that they had claws!! angle shouted at me! elodie had five hours to get this finished! angle made a leap! i knew about inventing things! they walked right over it! you walked down it, angle fell through it, droid felt the soft green moss, eldio ran down a pipe, i forgot to find food, they tripped over the door! they were safe! droid wasat this point, ojhhh, umm, nah, i just gotta get moving, i was gonna say omg dont cover the refund if they dont give u one bahaha, i should be okay xx, im usually nervous, i just, i was so happy to find a drama free loving community to spend time in and recover from bullshit, then this happens, yeah pretty much... at least my purple hair came out good i guess, sigh, i hope fam doesnt just entirely implode, i dunno we should talk more about it sometime, i dunno if we should get peeps together before this meeting but i kinda dont have the emotional energy bahaha, yeah i think so personally. at least hv crew. and i think sass is gonna make no allowances for my disability and just go in on me. i am really bad at voice meetings and i might just cry and im rly anxious tbh, anyway, sorry for spam of pain, tbh anytime, particularly that massive slot i do on the hv shit but i can wake up whenever for a meeting as i have no job rn, and true they will, theyve framed their response to me like im attacking them, yeah... i hope so. cause im used to being called rude and like i dunno it really actually did upset me a lot, not to be a baby, cause i thought a lot before sending that, and if theyd been honest from the start nobody would be implying they were dishonest yk, i feel i was polite tbh, well it worked. i hate emotional manipulation. i didnttt, but im worried if i do i wont be ready in time eating ramen rn, yes, omg i should make coffee, ok ok after ive set up im mad. my hair still looks red on camera im hot, true, love uuu, queen, im nervous lol how u feein, aww i love you jenna <3, true i better smink before this starts!!! this is the worst kevins in the shower, i dunno why now tbh, but thats whats happening, i dunno, she siad she was gonna shower at 5 to for some reoasn, why do they keep contradicting themselves, i literally mainly wanna know why they've lied so much. literally have an email from them saying no speakers in the room, fucks sake sorry, im british and autistic i have no idea how to do this bahaha, yeah that did not make me wanna come any more ol, *lol, how are u feelin? i feel like ima just have a really socially bad time lmfao, apparently not lol they're acting like i tore the whole thing apart i dunno, i know people who love me love me, but thats not sass and tim lol, like he was all 'you know you asked to play right?' like, ok, cause u asked me to play :/ sounds like he wants me not to play, what the fuck lol, sorry lol my doctor just told me there's 'no way you're going to see a psychiatrist' when i told them my mental health was bad and group anxiety sessions after a 12 week waiting list starting today probably wasnt enough, and uni have officially said if i cant come in this week cause of my ankle i'm expelled love uuu, yeah they said i have to try this first, i literally started cracking up laughing cause i was so done and they hung up on me lmao, dont worry dont worry im just explaining my extreme spicyness, i think i might have to make the decision for my mh to cancel fr tbh - but i'm still thinking about it so i'm not gonna say that publically, the last time i came back from america it was so traumatic i spent literally 3 months not sleeping bahahaha and im barely over it i dunno if its worth it, love u plz enjoy ur night, also sorry for delayed high vibes timings, been trying to think of a time but brain doing a stresso, honestly wish i could be more clarity about it, i wanna cancel so bad but i wanna see everyone so bad and - well - it just makes my tummy hurt lol, irrelevant: (((i looked up the prices for campinn and was like ok waaaow. they've sold out of everything except vip, but vip bedroom with a balcony nd shit is 1000 and comes with three tickets and two beds. why is fam reunion so expensive ))) yeah probably, im not cancelling yet, and i cant cancel my flights only postpone, and it worried me when they said they plan to go out every night cause lol i dont have money for that, sounded like i wasnt invited anyway tbh, me too and i'm mad, what did either of us even do wrong, i specifically didn't pass any of my email through kevin cause i knew they were gonna blame her for 'influencing' me - i got kevin to check it and she said it was more than reasonable, and she's been saying to me a lot 'it feels like i'm just paying to come to an event and be left out' and now i feel like i'm in that position too. why would i wanna come. i don't get why she's still coming. yeah i am annoyed with her about that but i havent said anything to her, theres no event without artists, if we stopped just going along with this shit maybe they'd realise they'd done something wrong, but i dunno if it was just me but felt like that whole call was just trying to get me to cancel. kinda butthurt about tim saying 'you know that you did ask to play, right' fuck off lmfao, i may have still been speaking, i missed some of what people were saying whilst i was talking cause i got stuck in a stutter lol, yeah legit :/ it was never meant as a personal attack, i was just laying out how everyone felt, i dont even know sass. when she says 'what reason have i, saosan, given you to not trust me' - the answer is nothing!! but what have you given me to trust you? i dont know you! and all we've had so far is secrecy and lies, i dont not trust her as a person. but i dont trust a secret entity that may or may not be her or tim or some other third party no name signature on a lying email, yk maybe if we saw a cv of these '31 other events with the exact same business model' i really wanted to shout to tim what business model when he said that, because legit, what thirty one other groups are just like a twitch fam???!?!?!? i cant think of any, and i dunno if i wanna support an event run by someone whos that delusional, it just feels... i dunno... i wanna be there and see everyone, it feels like a baaad idea to do this event unless everyone just still wants tim to be paying them on twitch and shit, and lying that hes a famous dj, sorry sorry sorry i should smink instead of spam you. sorry for deleting i got psyched out, i was sharing secret stuff he told me lmfao and i dont wanna seem like i'd tell secrets around just cause someone pissed me off, hope work isnt too bad, sigh i hope you get to go home soon, though it must be morning ish for you if its only 7pm here :( i know you wouldn't think that, i just felt a bit... i felt like he was even accusing me of contacting this guy i cant remember the name of lol, love you so muchchchchchc, exactly i had to google him lol, i was like 'looks annoying' lmao, i think the 'somebody contacted him' thing is a fabrication to get us all to look internally for a 'rat' tbh - but im clearly para about this event xd, whos this second one too then ? verano? i didnt realise she'd properly quit djing, aww that sucks, i wanna say all sorts of autistic things about trying different headphones but im sure she has her reasons, she always reminded me so much of my therapist hope shes okay, legend!! that's what i love to see, i hope i can get to the point i'm less scared to do things other than bass and tech house breakfast :d, all the props and respecc to her, love uuu, i cant come and i dont think ill be doing high vibes this weekend, gonna come off the internet for a while if i can manage it, yeah im freaking out a lot, and i just had a go at kevin, just giving off at her, i dunno the american word, words ofwho doesn't like bugs or doesn't eat animal products or whom has different taste buds to you. shh don't call me that in public all these comments are just making me want to take macro images of a dick. i know my boyfriend will never let me, though. it's why you buy them for 100 from the posh area, still get that saving as well as much lower likelihood of bed bugs. and just check the seams thoroughly when you get there. the second hand sofa i had still had the plastic covering on most of it except the cushions. like, why even? but i'd only do it for a sofa. anything cheaper than that is truly not worth the risk. worst mistake i made was putting a brand new memory foam mattress on a divan in a shitty apartment... :( well you're kind of wrong, the reason they posed seriously was because the shutter speeds weress. her partner, gone, all her comfort at home, gone, rain to make her freeze, very much not gone! at least, nobody was trying to capture her, for now. so, into the darkest corner she went, rolled into a ball, and sobbed, for the first time in hours! she felt responsible for her friend, and, above all, she was so, so scared. a tiny wood mouse in a giant city, that was all too much. all she wanted now was a berry to munch on, and a pile of old journals to fall asleep on - she loved reading their old exploration logs, even though she'd barely last a single page before starting to snore so loud passing children thought the house haunted for days! backing herself into the dark, in the tiniest recess in the wall, she invented an umbrella from a candy wrapper, her trusty cane, and a rubber band, hugged her pouch real tight, and drifted to sleep, right as the clock hit their hourly bells, in the dark of night. a few hours passed, and an orange glow started to engulf the roof, and was soon to arrive down towards droid. he got woken up quite abruptly by the original inhabitand even longer to draft and explain. on that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name angle. the next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. it belonged to droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. he could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn't distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. they were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics