hey, how are you? i did it! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. hiya! hows you? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hey, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, whats up? i'm just a baby! i know it. i did it! i am happy! i know it. hiya, how are you? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hello, hows you? i'm just a baby! i did it! i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, whats up? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hello, how are you? i'm just a baby! i know it. i am happy! i know it. i did it! hi, hows it going? i am happy! i know it. i did it! i feel it, hey, you alright? i'm just a baby! i feel it. i am happy! i know it. i did it!once there was a little mouse. he lived under the cupboard in a tiny basement guest house by the sea, alone. when charis and elodie visited his house, they thought he was very cute. <3 when they left him crumbs, he twirled and danced for them! the mouse had a secret. he wasn't always a house mouse, he is a wood mouse! but that doesn't bother him! :) he got there because he had a bad leg and fell down a pipe, but he is happy! he might have a hurt leg, but he's strong. so he learned a new game: be cute, get food, dance, survive.right under the brightly shining city, there lived two very peculiar friends. they were both tiny! how tiny, you ask? well, let me tell you who they are, and their wondrous journey, and you'll understand that if one thing didn't matter to this strange pair, it was their size, or lack thereof. it all started late, at night, as the life of the bubbling city was starting to get its well deserved rest. there was this narrow place - well, i suppose it was quite wide for our little friends - in a basement floor house. and people came, and went. and other people. some nice, some mean. some just pretended to be nice, but they would try to hurt our innocent heros! others just acted tough, and we're the best humans to have around. ohh, sorry! i am getting ahead of myself again! for, you see, our two intrepid explorers were not human. you have to think small! smaller? again? ohh, no! i think we went past them. just a touch back, and you will see what i mean. here! look! under the cupboard! the little smiling faces! yes, them! our friends are a brilliant pair of wood mice! well, maybe not your friends yet, because you have barely met, but they are my friends, and i catalogue their adventures, write for them when their paws hurt. and their first big adventure, as they told me, is the story of how they ended up in this place. so, it was a late night, and the life was going on for the many people outside. for some small critters, it was a terrible time. banging pots, rushing around them, it just didn't stop. and it took all night, and some of the day after, but it was there: nothing! the woods, gone! their nest, gone! their friends? well... they had each other. each other and emptiness. the old tales told of trepid trips, but never would they have imagined such a fate would befall them when they foolishly decided to make that fallen over tree trunk their home. it had been truly abandoned! they had to spend hours carving away at rotten wood to give their home - sorry, their hero cave - a semblance of home. they even found themselves something very rare for a mouse, at least, for a free mouse: a name. most of their kind never worried about names, they didn't need them. but those two had the most peculiar fascination for the human world far above their head. so, one day, they attached those little markers above their respective beds. and used them as their names ever since. you cannot begin to imagine the look on everyone's face when they both stood, fierce and strong, and refused the accustomed introduction and matinal greeting in favour of using their newly minted names! twenty-six mice fell over from shock! or a very strong gust of wind. two decided to reject tradition, eloped that instant, and left town. some old sage even swears she heard the death of mice that very day, sharpening her scythe. of course, if you ask her, she was doing no such thing, and, by the way, they only freed the remains, and would never hurt a mouse. and whoever told you she doesn't appreciate the creatures she's been given to care over is a liar, and a fraud. death has never been one to shun life. she works tirelessly to make sure every mouse is safe, and doesn't go before their time. it is a hard job, but one she gladly does. and the official record is very clear, no mouse died, some just gained a name. let me give you a tour of their little house, as it was all they had left now. it has a door made of bark, and moss. the moss used to be a vibrant green when they first set their eyes on it, and decided to use it as a door. now, it was a bit brown. a lack of proper hydration, and friction, despite the amazing engineering that was involved in making this rough piece of bark as a door. as far as it being but a prototype, it was very well crafted, through and through. ohh, the feats of mechanics and bending of the very rules of physics those two could do!