Right under the brightly shining city, there lived two very peculiar friends. They were both tiny! How tiny, you ask? Well, let me tell you who they are, and their wondrous journey, and you'll understand that if one thing didn't matter to this strange pair, it was their size, or lack thereof.
It all started late, at night, as the life of the bubbling city was starting to get its well deserved rest. There was this narrow place - well, I suppose it was quite wide for our little friends - in a basement floor house. And people came, and went. And other people. Some nice, some mean. Some just pretended to be nice, but they would try to hurt our innocent heroes! Others just acted tough, and we're the best humans to have around.
Oh, sorry! I am getting ahead of myself again! For, you see, our two intrepid explorers were not human. You have to think small! Smaller? Again? Oh, no! I think we went past them. Just a touch back, and you will see what I mean. Here! Look! Under the cupboard! The little smiling faces! Yes, them! Our friends are a brilliant pair of wood mice! Well, maybe not your friends yet, because you have barely met, but they are my friends, and I catalogue their adventures, write for them when their paws hurt. And their first big adventure, as they told me, is the story of how they ended up in this place.
So, it was a late night, and the life was going on for the many people outside. For some small critters, it was a terrible time. Banging pots, rushing around them, it just didn't stop. And it took all night, and some of the day after, but it was there: nothing! The woods, gone! Their nest, gone! Their friends? Well... They had each other. Each other and emptiness. The old tales told of trepid trips, but never would they have imagined such a fate would befall them when they foolishly decided to make that fallen over tree trunk their home. It had been truly abandoned! They had to spend hours carving away at rotten wood to give their home - sorry, their hero cave - a semblance of home. They even found themselves something very rare for a mouse, at least, for a free mouse: a name. Most of their kind never worried about names, they didn't need them. But those two had the most peculiar fascination for the human world far above their head. So, one day, they attached those little markers above their respective beds. And used them as their names ever since. You cannot begin to imagine the look on everyone's face when they both stood, fierce and strong, and refused the accustomed introduction and matinal greeting in favour of using their newly minted names! Twenty-six mice fell over from shock! Or a very strong gust of wind. Two decided to reject tradition, eloped that instant, and left town. Some old sage even swears she heard the Death of Mice that very day, sharpening her scythe. Of course, if you ask her, she was doing no such thing, and, by the way, they only freed the remains, and would never hurt a mouse. And whoever told you She doesn't appreciate the creatures she's been given to care over is a liar, and a fraud. Death has never been one to shun life. She works tirelessly to make sure every mouse is safe, and doesn't go before their time. It is a hard job, but one She gladly does. And the official record is very clear, no mouse died, some just gained a name.
Let me give you a tour of their little house, as it was all they had left now. It has a door made of bark, and moss. The moss used to be a vibrant green when they first set their eyes on it, and decided to use it as a door. Now, it was a bit brown. A lack of proper hydration, and friction, despite the amazing engineering that was involved in making this rough piece of bark as a door. As far as it being but a prototype, it was very well crafted, through and through. Oh, the feats of mechanics and bending of the very rules of physics those two could do! When you sled that door open, you would get hit by a gust of warm air, they liked a bit of warmth, and this house was, by far, the cosiest in town. It was all thanks to a very crafty system made entirely from reclaimed wood from older projects, that would heat air over a very small heat source. In this house, it was usually a light well, heating up a container of water through a system of mirrors and lenses - and when that didn’t work, plain old exercise, a mouse wheel. If you wish. Said wheel was all you would see just on the side of the entrance, and then, it would go on to the kitchen, a pantry, all in a row, this little room they built for their craft projects, and a giant living room, nearly a metre in length. But the one room that made our two friends here the happiest was by far the bedroom. They had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. As they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. Some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. And the bedroom was one of those. The lights shut with pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make place for a big table on which they often read correspondence from all over the mouse’s craftiests. By the standards of most, they were very smart, but so lazy as to rely on technology instead of physical work. By the standards of their peers, they were some of the craftiest and craziest mice around. Most of their day was spent in between stacks of letters, endless craft projects and, occasionally, at night, their very fancy bed. Atop that bed sat those two beautifully crafted pieces of fabric. The first one was orange, it belonged now to the oldest of the pair, who was slower on his feets, with big ideas that took him ages to think of, and even longer to draft and explain. On that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name Angle. The next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. It belonged to Droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. He could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn’t distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. They were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics probably didn’t help them get that idea off of people’s minds. It was all around, on the central round table - it turned, although, at this point, nobody remembered if it was on purpose or not - on a pile off the wall, hung up on said wall too! A few even ended up used as a couch, once they realised it was possible to make paper support their weight by bending it correctly. The living room was not very, well, liveable, in comparison. It was full of materials, some useful, some trinkets, and finished projects ordered by the mice around. For everyone complaining about the duo’s laziness, they sure liked to get them to solve their everyday problems. One wanted sharp knives forever, the next one wanted a warm plush for their child. And ten of them wanted tools for the farm. It was their busy life as wood mice. They liked their house, and their life, it wasn’t very fulfilling for their brain, but they really liked the mice in their little town.
But, of course, all of that didn’t really matter much to them right now. They were lost. Their house was in shambles, and, as calm as it had gotten, they felt things were in movement around them. Bad things.
And so, they worked tirelessly through the end of the night to hide their living arrangements from nosey humans. Got rid of their schematics, dismantled the inventions, and finally, came time to remove the two patches of fabric, and turn those into their travel pouches.
They scurried out the door right as two huge hands approached to pick up their log and throw it on the pile, taking an axe through it, finally setting it neatly aside. What had been their home was now heating wood.
And so begins their adventures. Well, not exactly there, but a few metres down, in this narrow studio’s cupboard.
