Mouse things
Prologue

Right under the brightly shining city, there lived two very peculiar friends. They were both tiny! How tiny, you ask? Well, let me tell you who they are, their wondrous journey, and you'll understand that if one thing didn't matter to this strange pair, it was their size, or lack thereof.
It all started late, at night, as the life of the bubbling city was starting to get its well deserved rest. There was this narrow place - well, I suppose it was quite wide for our little friends - in a basement floor house. And people came, and went. And other people. Some nice, some mean. Some just pretended to be nice, but they would try to hurt our innocent heroes! Others just acted tough, and we're the best humans to have around.
Oh, sorry! I am getting ahead of myself again! For, you see, our two intrepid explorers were not human. You have to think small! Smaller? Again? On, no! I think we went past them. Just a touch back, and you will see what I mean. Here! Look! Under the cupboard! The little smiling faces! Yes, them! Our friends are a brilliant pair of wood mice! Well, maybe not your friends yet, because you have barely met, but they are my friends, and I catalogue their adventures, write for them when their paws hurt. And their first big adventure, as they told me, is the story of how they ended up in this place.
So, it was a late night, and the life was going on for the many people outside. For some small critters, it was a terrible time. Banging pots, rushing around them, it just didn't stop. And it took all night, and some of the day after, but it was there: nothing! The woods, gone! Their nest, gone! Their friends? Well... They had each other. Each other and emptiness. The old tales told of trepid trips, but never would they have imagined such a fate would befall them when they foolishly decided to make that fallen over tree trunk their home. It had been truly abandoned! They had to spend hours carving away at rotten wood to give their home - sorry, their hero cave - a semblance of home. They even found themselves something very rare for a mouse, at least, for a free mouse: a name. Most of their kind never worried about names, they didn't need them. But those two had the most peculiar fascination for the human world far above their head. So, one day, they attached those little markers above their respective beds. And used them as their names ever since. You cannot begin to imagine the look on everyone's face when they both stood, fierce and strong, and refused the accustomed introduction and matinal greeting in favour of using their newly minted names! Twenty-six mice fell over from shock! Or a very strong gust of wind. Two decided to reject tradition, eloped that instant, and left town. Some old sage even swears she heard the Death of Mice that very day, sharpening her scythe. Of course, if you ask her, she was doing no such thing, and, by the way, they only freed the remains, and would never hurt a mouse. And whoever told you She doesn't appreciate the creatures she's been given to care over is a liar, and a fraud. Death has never been one to shun life. She works tirelessly to make sure every mouse is safe, and doesn't go before their time. It is a hard job, but one She gladly does. And the official record is very clear, no mouse died, some just gained a name.
Let me give you a tour of their little house, as it was all they had left now. It has a door made of bark, and moss. The moss used to be a vibrant green when they first set their eyes on it, and decided to use it as a door. Now, it was a bit brown. A lack of proper hydration, and friction, despite the amazing engineering that was involved in making this rough piece of bark as a door. As far as it being but a prototype, it was very well crafted, through and through. Oh, the feats of mechanics and bending of the very rules of physics those two could do! When you slid that door open, you would get hit by a gust of warm air, they liked a bit of warmth, and this house was, by far, the cosiest in town. It was all thanks to a very crafty system made entirely from reclaimed wood from older projects, that would heat air over a very small heat source. In this house, it was usually a light well, heating up a container of water through a system of mirrors and lenses - and when that didn’t work, plain old exercise, a mouse wheel. If you wish. Said wheel was all you would see just on the side of the entrance, and then, it would go on to the kitchen, a pantry, all in a row, this little room they built for their craft projects, and a giant living room, nearly a metre in length. But the one room that made our two friends here the happiest was by far the bedroom. They had managed, through a pretty lucky occurrence, to get their hands on silk, and the most soft felt, and a huge patch of a dreamy wool. As they managed to find such treasures, they were the ones to keep it all, but, in their habitual fashion, they had given most of it away, after making warm blankets, aprons, ear warmers and little gloves. Some of the roughest fabric went, of course, to their engineering projects. And the bedroom was one of those. The lights shut through pulleys, the bed rose to the ceiling to make place for a big table on which they often read correspondence from all over the mouse’s craftiests. By the standards of most, they were very smart, but so lazy as to rely on technology instead of physical work. By the standards of their peers, they were some of the craftiest and craziest mice around. Most of their day was spent in between stacks of letters, endless craft projects and, occasionally, at night, their very fancy bed. Atop that bed sat those two beautifully crafted pieces of fabric. The first one was orange, it belonged now to the oldest of the pair, who was slower on his feets, with big ideas that took him ages to think of, and even longer to draft and explain. On that orange patch was, in petrol blue thread, written the name Angle. The next one, full of blue and purple, had a beautiful embroidery, only the end of which was ever found. It belonged to Droid, a very energetic mouse, with no less than a million brilliant ideas in his head at all times. He could solve most problems that he came across, if he wasn’t distracted by a nice piece of cheese, or the idea for his newest cheese cutting machine. They were considered very eccentric, even for inventors, and the huge pile of schematics probably didn’t help them get that idea off of people’s minds. It was all around, on the central round table - it turned, although, at this point, nobody remembered if it was on purpose or not - on a pile off the wall, hung up on said wall too! A few even ended up used as a couch, once they realised it was possible to make paper support their weight by bending it correctly. The living room was not very, well, liveable, in comparison. It was full of materials, some useful, some trinkets, and of finished projects ordered by the mice around. For everyone complaining about the duo’s laziness, they sure liked to get them to solve their everyday problems. One wanted sharp knives forever, the next one wanted a warm plush for their child. And ten of them wanted tools for the farm. It was their busy life as wood mouses. They liked their house, and their life, it wasn’t very fulfilling for their brain, but they really liked the mice in their little town.
But, of course, all of that didn’t really matter much to them right now. They were lost. Their house was in shambles, and, as calm as it had gotten, they felt things were in movement around them. Bad things.
And so, they worked tirelessly through the end of the night to hide their living arrangements from nosey humans. Got rid of their schematics, dismantled the inventions, and finally, came time to remove the two patches of fabric, and turn those into their travel pouches.
They scurried out the door right as two huge hands approached to pick up their log and throw it on the pile, taking an axe through it, finally setting it neatly aside. What had been their home was now heating wood.
And so begins their adventures. Well, not exactly there, but a few metres down, in this narrow studio’s cupboard.

Chapter 1: Journey to the Narrow House

The journey took a whole day, and some more. Three stops to change vehicles, many more for some light food, and one formidable leap of faith were all it took, and here they were, on that roof.
Hiding until the workers left, they decided, here and there, to make this little terrace their shelter, right under this pile of wood that would protect them. And it did, right until, a few days later, a storm hit the coast, not a hundred meters away, and suddenly, the logs got carried away. Right inside the house, one by one, heating it was to be. The worker carried them relentlessly, stopping only for a well-deserved rest. Absent-mindedly munching on what was looking like an amazing feast to or little mice, she glanced sideways at the pile. Something in the back of her brain told her to keep that last bite, and take a short walk to that long pier, where a warm doughnut would finish that meal perfectly. The lunch bag stayed where it was, right next to the wall, but the sandwich was, strangely, placed right on the floor, like... an offering? Nimble, and very hungry, little Droid darted past Angle, ignoring her advice, and in less time it takes for a mouse trap to spring, a trap sprang: Droid's arms caught both sides of the remnants of the meal, and it went, scurrying away on those
little legs, until it got smacked to the floor right as the elder tapped Droid on the shoulder, and, suddenly, she remembered how much trouble she was in - then immediately forgot, tripped on her little but too fast legs, and ended up face first in a nice delicious piece of matured cheese. Not being one to say no to fate, those adorably sharp teeth - although said adorableness was, mostly, because they were just sharper than cheese required - had caught their prey! Ohh, oh, delicious it was! Barely chewed, it was, that he was getting reminded of a terrifying presence a few centimetres away: A very cautious but hungry Angle. And she was about to use her secret weapon! So, quick as a mouse - which came easily to them - Droid stuck a little piece of bread in her mouth, preventing his partner from talking her head off about the necessary security protocols of mousedom - Both knew them all by heart, from Chapter 1 - Crib climbing and the danger thereof, to Appendix AAAAJ - List of acceptable uses of a xylophone (a blank page). To be fair, they wrote half the leather-bound tomes of the original text, and made their names known to the mouse world. They say the rest of the diligently written volume was not their creation, but borne of a mysterious and magical mouse known as Eldio - Some scholars said it was a clever pseudonym combining their two names, others, that it was a misspelling of the original name of  mighty mouse god and formidable warrior, while exactly two experts will tell you it's none of your business, with a hint of shame, and a french accent.
But for now, our heroes’ mind were far away from those boring golden days, as they feasted hurriedly, unknowingly overlooked by a very amused farm child - now a handy-woman - whom, after noticing an emaciated couple of mice, negligently left her homemade leftovers mere centimetres away from that lunch's most dangerous predator: a hungry mouse. It had no chance, and was promptly devoured - Angle had lost any reservations after tasting that lovely cheese, for she knew no human of sound mind would waste such delicious cheese on poisoning them.
The rest of the day, they hid, surveilling the coming and going of the lady, who seemed purposefully disinterested in looking anywhere near their current hiding spots, under some bark - tail sticking out, around the corner from a discarded soda can - their ears pointed out the top, and finally, the worker's bag when she picked it up, lifted them in the air, laughed hearty, and put the poor frightened critters down, out of her bag. That would have to be in the 2nd edition! And Angle was already taking mental notes, right under the title "A Souris’ City Life".

No later than they were put back on the ground, they ran, standard manoeuvre 7.5, Appendix HA - Human Escape Strategies - Separate, regrouping in a safe place,
remember to breathe, but, above all, run like your life depends on it. A slight oversight on their part was a very visible lack of anywhere safe. They were in a city ten times the size of their forest, and that was a thousand times the size of their little village, back home.
Oh, they missed home, they wanted to explore the world, but not, really... The comfort of their tree house was too nice to them, and as much as they complained about each and every single of their neighbours and customers, they not only appreciated them, they also liked them, and, under extreme circumstances, might even have - reluctantly - admitted to mildly missing some of them. What they missed most, right now, was their heating, sat atop a sturdy floor. The small river, steps away from their door, that transported treasure right to their doorstep, and, one or two occasions even brought a whole trout!
That one caused quite a commotion in the little community! Some wanted to slay the giant fish for a trophy ; others, for food. Most of them wanted that monstrous beast out of their gardens. It took a few hours, but in the end, she was thoroughly studied, poked, drawn, measured, and promptly released into the wilds of the river. It is said in some legends that this very trout still visits to this day, sometimes with letters from faraway lands, that she hides in her scales secrets untold, even! In truth, she simply found the few bites of bread they spared for her every so often to her taste. And, while no one ever admitted to it, the whole village contributed in secret, certain that feeding the beast was better than the prospect of being her next meal. She didn’t even care, mice are not part of her diet, but she liked the attention, and the free lunch! Not one to be ungrateful, she sometimes transported packages, but mostly, she gossiped about the world beyond the forest, the fields, cows, horses, all sorts of birds, tons of wheat and maize, planted for sustenance! That terrible winter they nearly ended up eating their own shoes, if it hadn't been for an impromptu tip about the location of a mound of wheat 2000 mice tall, it was, and twice as wide! The whole village made bread until spring was past, with but a minute fraction of that - and made sure their informant was fed!
And, right now, they longed for their title couch, as they zigged and zagged in what promised to be a storm to drench them to their very bones! Our little Droid, too fast for his feet, was in fact still daydreaming when he ended up stuck in a corner, aimlessly going from left to right and right to left, and forward, while suddenly, a very distinct lack of ground made itself apparent.  A centimetre, then two, then ten mice high was the fall, in that damned tube. It must have been a hundred mice tall before ending up in a little slide projecting our terrified friend right into a puddle! Grumpy and wet, he turned onto himself once: nothing! Nobody in view, no human, and... no mouse! Running around in panic, he found that tube - a drain pipe for rainwater, and tried to climb back up, to no avail. For some reason, the lower part of that pipe went into a little alcove - you’d have fitted ten of them in here - which would have been a terrible idea, the limit of genius you can fit in one room is limited, when that genius is so overpowering that two mice so just end up debating philosophy for ten hours, forget everything about the original issue, solve world hunger for both mice, humans and pterodactyls, and end up getting got by the cat they were running away from! But, for now, only one mouse. A single, tiny wood mouse, frightened, wet, cold, and angry at the world! At least, hunger wasn't an issue yet, but he was starting to think about food, and that was hard enough. For now, a nap would do, though, and so, a quickly engineered door protected his little hidey-hole from predators and water. It wasn't much, but a simple leaf, a branch, and a piece of string and, in minutes, he was only a small angry, frightened, and wet, mouse. It had been three hours, and the next few hours on this side of the pipe would be dedicated to rest and warming up under his pouch/name tag/blanket.
Up top, an exhausted mouse was slowly falling into madness. Her partner, gone, all her comfort at home, gone, rain to make her freeze, very much not gone! At least, nobody was trying to capture her, for now. So, into the darkest corner she went, rolled into a ball, and sobbed, for the first time in hours! She felt responsible for her friend, and, above all, she was so, so scared. A tiny wood mouse in a giant city, that was all too much. All she wanted now was a berry to munch on, and a pile of old journals to fall asleep on - she loved reading their old exploration logs, even though she'd barely last a single page before starting to snore so loud passing children thought the house haunted for days! Backing herself into the dark, in the tiniest recess in the wall, she invented an umbrella from a candy wrapper, her trusty cane, and a rubber band, hugged her pouch real tight, and drifted to sleep, right as the clock hit their hourly bells, in the dark of night.
A few hours passed, and an orange glow started to engulf the roof, and was soon to arrive down towards Droid. He got woken up quite abruptly by the original inhabitant of that little hidden space, with her many eyes, and 4 legs too many. Used to a fight with city mice, she was about to smite the sleepy mouse out of her home. She instead was shocked to hear, in very polite - if broken - arachnean, a mouse beg for relief, insult her mother, insult his own mother, and ask where the nearest library was. A moment later, and our new friend found herself in possession of glasses, and of a new guest in her sun spot. In a few hours, it would be perfectly illuminated.
As they discussed and talked and blabbered some, our crafty friend acquired a good length of silk, a promise for more, and a messenger. The sun moving gave Arabelle the want to climb to that roof where she found Angle still in that corner, writing her daily observations.
She had recently awoken, and was soon treated by the sight of mild terror as a huge shadow descended over her.
"Oi, mate", she started "Found your bean that way", pointing to the pipe, “he's lovely, said to find you!”
And without wait, Angle ran for her life, leaving her precious pouch behind, right next to a creepily smiling spider. "Yeah, he also said you'd do that...”
Down at the other end of the pipe, a very excited Droid was drawing some plans for a new type of web - perfect to catch mosquitoes. Right as he was taking his final survey, he looked towards the sky, at that wall, the sun already setting on his new residence. And that puddle, making him so wet yesterday! Towards which he was very suddenly propulsed at high speed by a falling Angle using the pipe into a toboggan! She used her unfortunate companion as a sled, surfing over that pond, and she was going to pay for that one dearly, later, after getting treated to a big hug and many kisses, right under the watchful eyes of a very amused, and proud of herself, spider of the garden variety. She'd taken some time before Angle awoke to make a maze out of her best silk, and force our upstairs mouse to take that pipe down, which worked perfectly. Well, except for the part where she frightened Angle A LOT! Well, in truth, it worked perfect. It was part of the plan, and she had to! She enjoyed it too, but that’s not why she made this proposal! See, they view fear as a superpower: you run faster, are smarter, more focused. Trust me, when you have that many legs, you start to need that, so you don't tangle yourself in your own limbs!
They made their way to the alcove in the wall, and Arabelle took her due, plans that she was going to implement in the next few hours before sundown, then left our two friends with a huge length of silk, and Angle's pouch, carefully placed on the wall.

This night was going to be very long, and the food supplies were low, they barely had two days of rations, and a few more days of emergency grub.


Chapter 2: Narrower and narrowest, arrow nest, est (need writing)
