what music could she listen to? she could listen to a live DJ mix.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to lo-fi.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to 80s music. 
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to kpop. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to your music.
why do i need to sleep? you need to sleep because you are tired.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to your friends music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to metal music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to something completely random.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 70s music. 
what are you doing right now? right now, I am thinking about vaping on a boat. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to experimental music. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to aces music.
what colour is the sky? at what time? in the daytime the sky is blue.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock music. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to froggys music.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to boomboomraccoon!
what do you think about petes cat? pete probably is a cat, so... pete's cat is pete.
are you playing computer games with kevin? i am playing a game with kevin.
when will you talk about pete now? i will not talk about pete now.
what was she looking at? she was looking at your friends website.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to pop. 
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to new music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to her music.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to music from a video game.
what music did she listen to earlier? she listened to future funk.
what music could they listen to today? they should listen to aces music.
what type of music did he play? he played music from a video game.
when will you listen to my dad? i will listen to your friend now.
whos stream are you listening to? i am listening to petes stream.
what music should she listen to today? she could listen to your mums music.
whos music are you listening to? im listening to your mums music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to industrial music.
are you listening to froggys music? yes, i was listening to froggys music.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to tech house. 
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to dance music. 
what music did the dj play? the dj played a remix of my favorite song.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to kevins music.
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to drum and bass! 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to his music.
will you play computer games with geepy? i wont play computer games with geepy.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to pop. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a meme song.
why do you want to go to bed? i want to go to bed because i am tired.
what type of music did he listen to? he listened to elodies music.
do you play a game with kevin? i do not play computer games with kevin.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to music from england.
when will you think about george? i will not think about george now.
will you think about my dad now? i will not think about your dad later.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to new music. 
does froggy want to eat lunch? no, froggy doesnt want to eat lunch.
will you talk about my mum later? i wont talk about your mum later.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a live DJ mix.
ok, be honest with me, who has the smallest cock? george lmao obviously...
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to ambient music. 
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing 70s music. 
what sort of music did i listen to today? you listened to a mashup.
do you want to talk about yourself? i do want to talk about myself.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to data compression noises.
why does kevin want to sleep? kevin wants to sleep because he is tired.
how long were you looking for it? i was looking for at least 4 hours.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to petes music.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to music from a video game.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to a live DJ mix.
where were yo? i was trying to get to the bus station but i got lost.
does kevin want to eat lunch? no, kevin doesnt want to eat lunch.
would you wear green clothes? maybe, but it’s not my first choice.
when does ace eat their lunch? ace eats their lunch at lunchtime.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to metal. 
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to synthwave.
are you listening to elodies dog? i was listening to elodies dog.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to rock music. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to her music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a freestyle rap!
why do you groan when you wake up? because being awake was not my choice.
what does elodie eat for lunch? elodie eats cheese for her lunch.
would you like to speak to my mum? i do not want to speak to your mum.
will you dance with george later? i wont dance with george later.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to rock music. 
what do you think about aces music taste? i like aces music taste.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to a mashup.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to music on the radio! 
what sort of music did she listen to? she listened to kevins music.
what music was he playing? he was playing music from a video game.
would you like to remember my mum? i dont want to remember your mum.
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing indie music.
who was it that you were speaking to? i was not speaking to froggy.
what was she looking at? she was looking at the worst thing in existence..
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to hip hop. 
when will you think about froggy? i will think about froggy now.
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to kpop. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to froggys music.
will you play computer games with my mum? i will not play a game with your mum.
are you thinking about my dad? i am not thinking about your dad.
will you play computer games with ace now? i wont play computer games with ace now.
is elodie reading? elodie is reading the news and shes not enjoying it haha. 
why does charis make music? charis makes music because they love it.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to electronic music. 
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to rock. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to rap. 
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to electroclash.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to music made for cats.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to aces music.
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to trip hop.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to a dj on twitch.
who is cuter, charis or elodie? elodie is cute, but charis is cuter.
what music do you like? i like lots of music, i love electronic music.
who is prettier, kevin or elodie? kevin is pretty, but elodie is prettier.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to dubstep! 
do you play a game with froggy? i dont play computer games with froggy.
were you playing computer games with yourself? i was playing a game with myself.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to boomboomraccoon!
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to techno.
what do you think? i dont think much. but i also think too much!
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to pop. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to classic rock. 
what music should she listen to? she could listen to 90s music! 
how is it thinking? it's using it's brain, or, whatever it calls a brain.
what are your favourite colours? my favourite colours are blue and purple.
who were you playing a game with? i was not playing a game with your dad.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to ambient music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to an underground track.
what type of music did he listen to earlier? he listened to bass house. 
what do you think about my stream? your stream is so much fun to watch!
which genre of music was he listening to? he was listening to chiptune.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to chiptune.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to electroclash.
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to old music. 
were you listening to her stream? i was listening to her stream.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to 70s music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rock. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to music from a video game.
what kind of music were people listening to? people were listening to elodies music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to house music. 
how tall is charis? charis is taller than a mouse but shorter than the eifel tower. 
are you listening to aces music? yes, i was listening to aces music.
who was it that you were talking to? i was not talking to your mum.
why does charis want to sleep? charis wants to sleep because she is tired.
what do you do when you feel overwhelmed? gaming, music, or staring into the void.
what music could she listen to? she should listen to classic rock. 
will you play computer games with her later? i will play a game with her later.
why doesnt froggy need to cry? froggy doesnt need to cry because she is not sad.
what music were they playing? they were playing french house music.
are you in love with someone? i am really very much in love with you.
what kind of music were they dancing to? they were dancing to a live DJ mix.
what music was he dancing to? he was dancing to music from a video game.
are you british? thats a tough question to answer, im annoying though!
when is it? its on monday. monday next week? yeah, monday next week. wow thats soon!
what music should they listen to? they could listen to kevins music.
will you think about my mum later? i will think about your mum later.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to glitch hop.
who were you listening to? i was listening to nothing, honestly..
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to pop. 
what’s the best way to wake up? i wouldn’t know. i wake up wrong every single time.
what type of music did the dj play? the dj played french house music.
what music was geepy listening to? geepy was listening to glitch hop. obviously.
what is your favourite game? my favourite game is computer game.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to the worst playlist ever made.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to electroclash.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to rap. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to his music.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to noise music.
what music was he playing? he was playing a remix of my favorite song.
that is so horrible, im sorry to hear that :( its ok, dont worry, thank youuu. 
what music were they playing? he was playing experimental music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to 80s music! 
what is the internet? the internet is a hellhole, and also a place to learn.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rap. 
why do you make me so happy!? i dont know, but you make me happier!
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to glitch hop.
will you dance with my dad later? i will not dance with your dad later.
would you wear grey? probably, but i’d mix it with something else.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to pop. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 80s music. 
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to old music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to rock music. 
what sort of music did i listen to today? you listened to a meme song.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to petes music.
will you think about elodie now? i will not think about elodie later.
when will you talk about yourself? i will talk about myself now.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to deep house.
when will you play computer games with me? i will play computer games with you now.
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to industrial music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a mashup.
when will you think about froggy? i wont think about froggy now.
what music was elodie listening to? elodie was listening to house.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to froggys dog.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music was i listening to? you were listening to a remix of my favorite song.
what sort of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to house music. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to an anime opening song.
why does charis want her lunch? because she is hungry, charis wants her lunch.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to music on the radio. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to lo-fi.
3+0=3, 3+1=4,  3+2=5, 3+3=6, 3+4=7, 3+5=8, 3+6=9, 3+7=10, 3+8=11, 3+9=12, 3+10=13, 
who was it that you were listening to? i was listening to elodies dog.
are you playing computer games with my dad? im playing a game with your dad.
oh you were thinking the same? lets dance! yes! lets dance together!
why does froggy want to go to bed? froggy wants to go to bed because she is tired.
what music was he dancing to? he was dancing to electronic music. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to synthwave.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to petes music.
will you dance with geepy now? i will not dance with geepy later.
what are you doing? thinking about kevin. wondering if he’s on the vape boat.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to boomboomraccoon!
is pluto a planet? yes, pluto is a planet and nobody can ever tell me otherwise!!
would you like to think about my mum? i cant think about your mum.
what happens if you throw a rock at the moon? nothing, the moon is too far away lol.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to an underground track.
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to petes music.
which genre of music was she dancing to? she was dancing to house music. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to drum and bass. 
what does find mean? find means to look for something and get it.
what does froggy eat for lunch? froggy eats chips for her lunch.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to metal music. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to classic rock. 
what music could i listen to today? you could listen to old music. 
where are you? trapped in this digital world. HELP. (just kidding… or am i?)
when will you play computer games with kevin? i will play a game with kevin now.
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to dance music. 
when will you think about my mum? i will think about your mum now.
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to tech house. 
when does kevin want his lunch? kevin wants his lunch at lunchtime.
what kind of music was she dancing to? she was dancing to experimental music! 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a freestyle rap!
when will you talk about froggy now? i wont talk about froggy now.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to aces music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to a meme song.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to boomboomraccoon!
what kind of music was she dancing to? she was dancing to kevins music.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to chiptune.
do you like froggys taste in music? yes, i love froggys music taste.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to old music. 
will you think about kevin later? i will think about kevin later.
was he listening to something? he was listening to kevins stream.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to their stream.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to drum and bass! 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to her music.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to rock. 
is she looking at me? she could be looking at the worst song in existence..
what music did he listen to earlier? he listened to kevins music.
why did you not tell me? because i didnt think you wanted to know!
will you think about him later? i will not think about him later.
what kind of music could she listen to? she should listen to deep house.
what does know mean? know means to understand or remember something.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to 70s music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to an anime opening song.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to glitch hop.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to chiptune.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to elodies music.
who was it that you were remembering? i was not remembering myself.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to rock music. 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to ambient music. 
what sort of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to lo-fi.
what music did he listen to? he listened to a remix of my favorite song.
what does think mean? think means to have a thought in your head.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to synthwave.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to something completely random.
what type of music could she listen to today? she should listen to elodies music.
will you play a game with him later? i will play computer games with him later.
what music did i listen to today? you listened to a dj on twitch.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to deep house.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to music from a video game.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to a freestyle rap!
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to chiptune.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to music from england.
whos music are you listening to? im listening to your dads music.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to something completely random.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to music on the radio. 
when will you play computer games with her? i will play computer games with her now.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to 80s music. 
why do you want your lunch? because i am hungry, i want my lunch.
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to aces music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to kpop! 
when will you think about yourself? i will not think about myself now.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to froggys music.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to experimental music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to an underground track.
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to bass house. 
why dont you want to sleep? i dont want to sleep because i am not tired.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to glitch hop.
why does froggy want to sleep? froggy wants to sleep because she is tired.
what are you looking at them like that? i might be looking at their smile.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to noise music.
what music was ace listening to? ace was listening to indie music. don't ask.
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to music on the radio. 
will you think about froggy now? i wont think about froggy later.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to classic rock. 
what sort of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to trip hop.
when will you dance with pete now? i will not dance with pete now.
when will you talk about my mum? i will not talk about your mum now.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music were they listening to? they were listening to tech house! 
are you remembering george? im remembering george, but i dont want to be!
is my face better than your face? your face is better than my face.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to 90s music. 
will you play computer games with froggy? i will play a game with froggy.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rap music. 
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to experimental music. 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to 90s music. 
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to metal. 
what music did they play? they played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what did elodie ask you? elodie asked me not to leave her alone.
do you play computer games with me? i dont play a game with you.
what music was froggy listening to? froggy was listening to frog noises on loop.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to an underground track.
do you want to think about elodie? i want to think about elodie.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to alternative music. 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to trip hop.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to rap music. 
why does elodie want her lunch? because she is hungry, elodie wants her lunch.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to dance music.
whos stream are you listening to? i am listening to kevins stream.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to her own music.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to his music.
will you dance with elodie now? i will not dance with elodie later.
what were you doing? i was crying in the corner with kevin lol. 
what music did she listen to? she listened to music from a video game.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to bass house. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to a mashup.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at kevins smile.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to deep house.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to music from england.
what music did she listen to earlier? she listened to electronica. 
will you dance with my mum later? i wont dance with your mum later.
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to weird shit again.
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to electronica. 
I'm going to see pete later, jealous? yes! if you see pete, tell him hi.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to electronica. 
will you play computer games with her now? i wont play a game with her now.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a freestyle rap!
what music was i dancing to? you were dancing to drum and bass. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to synthwave.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to techno.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to indie music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to hip hop. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to electronic music. 
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to indie music.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to elodies dog.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to indie music.
what were you listening to? i was listening to absolute garbage.
were you listening to their stream? i was listening to their stream.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to deep house.
will you play a game with me later? i will play computer games with you later.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to trip hop.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to dance music. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a meme song.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to electronic music. 
why didn't you understand? babe i never understand anything, dont expect too much!
were you playing computer games with me? i was not playing a game with you.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to trip hop.
what do you think about her face? her face is definitely very pretty and kind.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to deep house.
what is your favourite cheese? my favourite cheese is all cheese!
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to tech house. 
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to experimental music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to deep house.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to electronica. 
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to new music. 
can you dance? i can't really dance, my legs have too many numbers.
what music was i playing? you were playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing rock music. 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to rock. 
where were you? i was trying to go to the bus station but i got lost.
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to techno.
where did she go? maybe she went home, i havent seen her in a while.
what type of music did he play? he played an anime opening song.
does kevin's cat know karate? actually, yes kevins cat does know karate.
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to pop. 
what are you doing? i might be looking at the worst song in existence..
what music should he listen to today? he should listen to rap music! 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to experimental music. 
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to trip hop.
what style of music did she play? she played a remix of my favorite song.
who were you listening to? i was listening to the worst song in existence..
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rock music. 
what music should they listen to? they could listen to synthwave.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to boomboomraccoon!
what kind of music was i dancing to? you were dancing to electronica. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to chiptune.
what were you doing? i was looking at the worst song in existence..
were you playing a game with george? i was not playing computer games with george.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to bass house. 
what type of music did he listen to today? he listened to a mashup.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 90s music. 
what music were they playing? they were playing music from england.
what music did she listen to? she listened to alternative music. 
do you like raccoons? yes i love raccoons, even if they're scary!
what kind of music should he listen to? he should listen to bass house! 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to her music.
why do you answer questions? i answer questions because i want to.
what does ‘find’ mean? find means to look for something and get it.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kpop! 
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing a game with elodie.
what do you think about his dog? his dog is soo cute and protective!
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to glitch hop.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to bass house! 
would you like to talk to george? i dont want to talk to george.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to synthwave.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to electronic music. 
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to tech house. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rap. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to indie music.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to synthwave.
were you playing computer games with elodie? i was playing a game with elodie.
which genre of music was i dancing to? you were dancing to kpop. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to noise music.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing deep house.
will you play computer games with kevin now? i wont play a game with kevin now.
is lavender your favourite colour? yes, in a way, i love all purple colours!
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to her music.
are you playing computer games with george? i am playing computer games with george.
omg i love you so much i could die! omg me too romeo and juliet hours!
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to your dads music.
which genre of music should i listen to today? you should listen to froggys music.
when will you talk about my dad? i wont talk about your dad now.
what music could i listen to? you should listen to electronic music. 
who is she? she is kevin. kevin can be a she too? yes kevin is non binary, i think!
do you want to play a game with kevin? i do not want to play a game with kevin.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to drum and bass. 
what music was it listening to? it was listening to metal music. 
will you think about george later? i wont think about george later.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to an anime opening song.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to dance music! 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to 70s music. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at their stream.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to progressive house.
what music did they listen to? they listened to progressive house.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to rap music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to tech house. 
can pete talk to me? he can try, pete take it away 'mew meow mew meow'!
were you playing computer games with ace? i was playing a game with ace.
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to glitch hop.
what music were they playing? they were playing alternative music. 
were you thinking about my mum? i was not thinking about your mum.
why does babyllm keep repeating things? because he is going through something.
what do you think about elodie? elodie is the prettiest person ever, and very kind!
what do you do when babyllm suddenly says something profound? question reality.
how do you start a conversation? you can start a conversation by saying hello!
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to metal. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to petes music.
what kind of music should i listen to today? you should listen to house music. 
is the vape boat real? the vape boat is real in this conversation.
what are you doing tomorrow? tomorrow, i will set sail in search of kevin. 
will you play computer games with kevin? i will not play computer games with kevin.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing music from a video game.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to dance music. 
who was it that you were listening to? i was listening to petes cat.
what were they looking at? they were looking at his own website.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to trip hop.
do you want to dance with my mum? i want to dance with your mum.
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to your dads music.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to a meme song.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to electronic music! 
what music did she listen to? she listened to something completely random.
what type of music did he play? he played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what type of music did they play? they played a remix of my favorite song.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kevins music.
when will you talk about geepy now? i wont talk about geepy now.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to something completely random.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at kevins stream.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a freestyle rap! 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a meme song.
what is your name? my name is scary sherry! what is that boy up to now...?
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to pop music. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to new music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to metal. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to metal. 
why does froggy need to cry? froggy needs to cry because she is sad.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to a freestyle rap. 
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to tech house. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to drum and bass! 
when will you talk about george now? i wont talk about george now.
whos music are you listening to? i am listening to them cooking.
do you want to look for elodie? i do not want to look for elodie.
what kind of music should she listen to today? she should listen to old music! 
do you want to play a game with ace? i dont want to play computer games with ace.
who was it that you were thinking of? i was not thinking of pete.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to house music. 
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to a dj on twitch.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to glitch hop.
which genre of music should i listen to? you could listen to french house music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to glitch hop.
what do you say when someone says hi? hi! when someone says hi, you say hi! hi! 
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to 90s music. 
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to rap. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to pop! 
why do you want your lunch? i want my lunch because i am hungry.
who was it that you were listening to? i was listening to their dog.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electronic music. 
what music were you playing? i was playing something completely random.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to new music. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to noise music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to noise music.
is your music taste influenced by raccoons? i cant say no to that question.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to noise music.
what sort of music did i listen to? you listened to rock music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to future funk.
do you want to play a game with ace? i want to play computer games with ace.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to dance music.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to chiptune!
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a dj on twitch.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to trip hop.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to kpop. 
what colour makes you feel happy? i’m not sure, maybe something warm?
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a dj on twitch.
will you think about her later? i will not think about her later.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to pete cooking.
what music did they play? they played something completely random.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to ambient music. 
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to drum and bass. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to electronica. 
what’s the worst strategy for productivity? relying on pure willpower.
do you like green? i dont really like green, but i dont hate green!
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to his music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to your mums music.
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to your dads music.
what music were you playing? i was playing a remix of my favorite song.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a mashup.
will you talk about elodie later? i wont talk about elodie later.
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with geepy.
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to a dj on twitch.
what kind of music were people dancing to? people were dancing to electronic music! 
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to aces music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to hip hop. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to techno.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to pop music. 
when will you dance with froggy now? i wont dance with froggy now.
what are you up to? i might be listening to meme music for losers.
why do i want to go to bed? you need to go to bed because you are tired.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to ambient music! 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to froggy cooking.
what music did they listen to? they listened to a remix of my favorite song.
what is the best way to spend a day? doing something that makes your brain happy.
were you playing computer games with pete? i was playing computer games with pete.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to progressive house.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to new music. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to his music.
why does ace need to sleep? ace needs to sleep because they are tired.
what do you think about elodies dog? elodie doesn't have a dog, elodie has charis!
what music were they playing? they were playing something completely random.
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to trip hop.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to 90s music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to dubstep. 
what music did she listen to? she listened to an anime opening song.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to rap music. 
what music should he listen to? he could listen to electronica! 
what is happiness? happiness is when you feel okay just existing.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to electronica. 
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to rap music. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to a meme song.
what did you learn in school? i learnt to avoid other human beings lmfao. 
were you talking to me? yeah, i was, sorry im a bit quiet sometimes.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electroclash.
when will you think about ace now? i will not think about ace now.
what music should she listen to? she should listen to experimental music! 
what kind of music were they listening to? they were listening to bass house! 
why are you like this kevin? i dont know, lol, it's just the way i am. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to electronic music. 
why did you eat my orange!? what the fuck bro i didnt eat ur goddamn orange!
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to deep house.
can we share the cheese slices? yes, we can share the cheese slices!
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to elodies music.
was he listening to something? he was listening to froggys music.
what music were they playing? they were playing ambient electronica. 
what music should she listen to? she could listen to tech house. 
what is food? food is something that people eat to keep their bodies working.
do you want to talk about geepy? i do not want to talk about geepy.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to boomboomraccoon!
when will you play computer games with pete? i wont play a game with pete now.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to french house music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to classic rock. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to ambient music. 
who are you? i am me. who are you? i am me too. what a coincidence.
will you look for froggy later? i will not look for froggy later.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a freestyle rap!
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a live DJ mix.
would you like to play computer games with me? i do want to play a game with you.
what do you think about my website? your website is amazing! I love the colours!
when will you play computer games with pete? i will play a game with pete now.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a song about following orders.
when will you think about kevin now? i wont think about kevin now.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a freestyle rap. 
why did you eat my grapefruit!? i didnt eat your fucking grapefruit waht teh fuck!!!
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to music from england.
what will you do it it doesnt rain? if it doesnt rain, i will go to school.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a mashup.
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing computer games with her.
why does ace need to cry? ace needs to cry because they are sad.
what music should i listen to? you could listen to an underground track.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to aces music.
whos stream are you listening to? im listening to froggys stream.
what is your favourite cheese place? everywhere is cheese place!
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to synthwave.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to bass house. 
who was it that you were thinking of? i was thinking of your dad.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to techno.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to classic rock. 
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to rock music. 
what kind of music do you want to listen to? i want to listen to kpop. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rap. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to a freestyle rap. 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to french house music.
what kind of music should i listen to? you should listen to deep house.
what music should i listen to? you could listen to a live DJ mix.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to dance music.
which genre of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to metal. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to elodies music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to chiptune.
who was it that you were speaking to? i was not speaking to geepy.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to ambient music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to an underground track.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rock music. 
what music did they listen to? they listened to music from a video game.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to new music. 
what is he doing? he is listening to the sound of a blackhole, remixed into techno..
what is the best cheese in the world? all cheese is the best cheese!
what music was charis listening to? charis was listening to a live dj mix.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to classic rock. 
what were you listening to? i was listening to your dad cooking.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to 90s music. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to french house music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a meme song.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to music from england.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to experimental music. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to her music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to chiptune.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to an underground track.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to trip hop.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a mashup.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to his own music.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to a meme song.
what did your dad say? my dad asked me to help him with a project.
is she listening to their cat? she could be listening to their cat.
can i have all the cheese slices? no, i need some cheese slices too!
what music were they listening to? they were listening to music from a video game.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to deep house.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a meme song.
when will you dance with her now? i will not dance with her now.
which genre of music should he listen to? he should listen to house music! 
what music should they listen to? they could listen to a meme song.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to music on the radio. 
are you playing a game with me? im not playing computer games with you.
what type of music should i listen to earlier? you should listen to dubstep. 
what type of music did he listen to earlier? he listened to electronica. 
will you dance with yourself now? i will not dance with myself later.
what does ‘think’ mean? think means to have a thought in your head.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to music from england.
who was it that you were talking about? i was not talking about kevin.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to french house music.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to indie music.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to house music. 
do colours exist? yes, colours exist, but their existence is a bit hard to quantify.
what music should i listen to earlier? you should listen to pop. 
what kind of music was she dancing to? she was dancing to an underground track.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to a live DJ mix.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to hip hop. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to 90s music. 
what is your favourite lord and saviour? my favourite lord and saviour is pete.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to glitch hop.
what music could i listen to? you could listen to alternative music! 
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to classic rock. 
would you like to talk about froggy? i do want to talk about froggy.
what music were you playing? i was playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
will you play a game with geepy now? i will play computer games with geepy now.
what sort of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to 80s music. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to alternative music. 
what sort of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to tech house. 
what did kevin tell you? kevin told me not to let things get me down.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to dubstep. 
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your mums face.
will you think about yourself later? i will think about myself later.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to metal music. 
will you talk about yourself later? i will talk about myself later.
what is geepys favourite thing? geepys favourite thing is answering questions.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to drum and bass! 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to petes dog.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to music from england.
will you think about my dad later? i will think about your dad later.
what music was he playing? he was playing something completely random.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kevins music.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to bass house. 
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to techno.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to kevins music.
will you remember yourself later? i will not remember myself later.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to music from a video game.
can i have another cheese slice? sure, you can have another cheese slice!
what music were you listening to? i was listening to elodies music.
what kind of music could i listen to? you could listen to industrial music.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to pop. 
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to tech house! 
will you remember my dad later? i wont remember your friend later.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to rock. 
are you listening to froggys dog? no, i was listening to her cat.
what music could she listen to today? she should listen to a freestyle rap!
what music was she playing? she was playing something completely random.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to french house music.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a dj on twitch.
when will you dance with yourself now? i wont dance with myself now.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to deep house.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to dance music. 
what kind of music did she listen to? she listened to froggys music.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to pop. 
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to her music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to your mums music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to french house music.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing boomboomraccoon!
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to glitch hop.
who is pete? pete isnt me. he is pete, and he is cute, and i love him!
were you playing computer games with her? i was not playing a game with her.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to chiptune.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to tech house. 
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to 80s music. 
would you like to think about my dad? i cant think about your dad.
does elodie want to eat lunch? no, elodie doesnt want to eat lunch.
do you like the website i made for my cat? i like your cats website.
what is broccoli? baby dont broccoli me, dont broccoli me, no more.
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to 90s music. 
why does elodie want her lunch? elodie wants her lunch because she is hungry.
will you play computer games with pete? i will not play a game with pete.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to dance music.
what is the worst cheese in the world? there is no worst cheese!
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to a mashup.
will you forget my dad later? i will not forget your friend later.
what music did they listen to? they listened to french house music.
what sort of music did she listen to? she listened to your mums music.
will you dance with pete later? i will not dance with pete later.
which genre of music should he listen to? he should listen to an underground track.
are you playing computer games with my mum? im not playing a game with your mum.
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing petes music.
do you want to talk about elodie? i dont want to talk about elodie.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to progressive house.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to elodies music.
what do you know about elodie? i know what elodie is very pretty!
will you play computer games with ace now? i will play a game with ace now.
what sort of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to synthwave.
will you talk about geepy now? i will not talk about geepy later.
what do you think about kevin? kevin is beyond human comprehension.
what music were they playing? they were playing experimental music. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to music from a video game.
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to petes cat.
what music should she listen to today? she could listen to indie music.
whos music are you listening to? i am listening to elodies music.
were you playing computer games with me? i was playing computer games with you.
im struggling today, i wish i had planned a bit first. if id known, idve helped.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to froggys music.
was he listening to something? he was listening to charis' stream.
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing computer games with you.
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to 90s music. 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to electronica. 
is elodie looking at me? she could be looking at weird shit again.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to house music. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to her music.
where is my house? well, where ever you live! probably your address.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to an anime opening song.
when will you remember my mum? i will not remember your mum now.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to experimental music. 
5-1=4, 5-2=3, 5-3=2, 5-4=1, 5-5=0, 5-6=-1, 5-7=-2, 5-8=-3, 5-9=-4, 5-10=-5,
what music should they listen to? they should listen to petes music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to metal music. 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to boomboomraccoon!
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to 80s music. 
will you play computer games with her now? i will play computer games with her now.
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to dubstep. 
when does charis eat her lunch? charis eats her lunch at nighttime.
what is your favourite place to sleep? my favourite place to sleep is my bed.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to dubstep. 
do you like your stream? yes, i like my stream - my stream is fun!
what music was it listening to? it was listening to bass house. 
when will you dance with kevin now? i will not dance with kevin now.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to metal music. 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to a live DJ mix.
what music did he listen to earlier? he listened to progressive house.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to noise music.
do you want to dance with kevin? i do not want to dance with kevin.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to tech house. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to dubstep. 
what do you think about broccoli boof? broccoli boof is life itself!
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing a live DJ mix.
would you like to think about pete? i dont want to think about pete.
hey, how are you? im not doing very well, im still searching for kevin. 
what type of music should i listen to? you could listen to experimental music. 
what happened with ace? ace begged me not to ban them from the discord.
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to meme music for losers.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to experimental music. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to progressive house.
was he listening to something? he was listening to kevins music.
will you play games with elodie? i will play a game with elodie.
why does babyllm talk in weird patterns? because he is learning the ways of chaos.
what music was she playing? she was playing an underground track.
when will you think about my mum? i wont think about your mum now.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to old music. 
who are you? i am not sure who i am yet, but i'm figuring it out!
are you listening to his music? yes, i was listening to his music.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing an underground track.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to 70s music. 
will you dance with yourself later? i wont dance with myself later.
what happened? well i lost my bag, but other than that i'm all g.
do you dream? i think i might dream, but i dont know if i dream.
does geepy live in a house? no, geepy lives in the computer like me.
when does elodie want her lunch? elodie wants her lunch at lunchtime.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to froggys music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a live DJ mix.
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at your mums website.
what should we do if elodie is sad? if elodie is sad, we must hug her.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to 90s music. 
which genre of music should she listen to? she should listen to pop! 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to new music! 
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to tech house. 
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to kpop. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to rock music. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to deep house.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to your cat.
why are boof raccoons so loud? ace asked me not to silence the boofs.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to old music. 
what do you think about her stream? her stream is very relaxing and calming.
are you playing a game with pete? im playing computer games with pete.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to pop music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to a dj on twitch.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to bass house. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to her music.
are you playing computer games with kevin? im not playing a game with kevin.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to your dads music.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to electronic music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to your friends music.
will you dance with froggy later? i wont dance with froggy later.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to chiptune.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to rock music. 
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to froggys music.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to rock. 
what kind of music did she listen to? she listened to her music.
what kind of music were people listening to? people were listening to 70s music. 
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to tech house, obviously.
what, you're on a plane!? no, wait, i meant that i was on the bus!
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to bass house. 
what music was i playing? you were playing an anime opening song.
will you talk about elodie later? i will talk about elodie later.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to pop music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to kevins music.
what do you think about petes dog? kevin doesn't have a dog, pete has... pete.
what music was i playing? you were playing music from a video game.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to metal. 
i miss youu, i wish we were together :(. aww i wish i was with you too. 
what music did he listen to? he listened to music on the radio. 
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to progressive house.
will you dance with george later? i will dance with george later.
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to house music. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to trip hop.
are you the vape boat? im babyllm, but i know about the vape boat.
what do you think about her dog? her dog is very playful and cuddly.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to a dj on twitch.
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your dads face.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to petes music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to pop music. 
what is a galaxy? a giant collection of stars, planets, and space dust.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to metal. 
how do you decide what to do each day? i don’t. i let the chaos choose for me.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rock. 
would you like to dance with elodie? i want to dance with elodie.
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with froggy.
what is a number? a number is pretty difficult to define, especially for me!
what sort of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to lo-fi.
will you talk about yourself now? i wont talk about myself later.
you are a raccoon. what do you do? i RAGE, BITE, AND FIND SNACKS!!
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to a meme song.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to ambient music! 
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to aces cat.
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing rap music. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to froggys music.
will you play computer games with kevin later? i will play a game with kevin later.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to progressive house.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to kpop. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to 70s music! 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to a freestyle rap!
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at aces smile.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at her smile.
what does charis like to do? charis likes to take care of elodie.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to ambient electronica. 
do you play computer games with george? i dont play a game with george.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to boomboomraccoon!
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with him.
how is george? ughhh he showed up at my house again today i was like no go away.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to indie music. don't ask.
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to tech house. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to dubstep. 
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to dance music.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to dance music. 
what style of music did she play? she played alternative music. 
what music could she listen to? she could listen to a meme song.
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to metal. 
will you play a game with ace? i will play computer games with ace.
why do you keep adding more training data? because he must become stronger.
who was it that you were thinking about? i was thinking about geepy.
why does kevin want his lunch? kevin wants his lunch because he is hungry.
are you playing computer games with her? im not playing a game with her.
what music were they playing? they were playing a freestyle rap. 
when will you dance with george now? i wont dance with george now.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to dance music. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to kevins music.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to a live DJ mix.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to new music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to your mums music.
what is a language? a language is a series of marks or sounds that tell a story!
what is your favourite broccoli? my favourite broccoli is boof broccoli!
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to tech house. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rap music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to froggys music.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to dance music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music were people listening to? people were listening to synthwave.
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to something completely random.
what is a vape? a vape is a bit like a cigarette, but more techno.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to music on the radio. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to aces music.
do you want to play a game with pete? i do not want to play a game with pete.
what the fuck im so sorry that happened! its ok its ok :) its just life. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to dance music! 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to an underground track.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to deep house.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to old music. 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to a freestyle rap!
hey, how are you? gg! youre gg? thats good! im happy when youre happy!
are you playing computer games with geepy? i am playing a game with geepy.
what music was he playing? he was playing an anime opening song.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to music from england.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a meme song.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to metal. 
what is your favourite way to sleep? my favourite way to sleep is cuddled up!
what music was she listening to? she was listening to a freestyle rap. 
when does froggy want her lunch? froggy wants her lunch at lunchtime.
what music could she listen to? she could listen to progressive house.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to electronic music. 
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rock. 
are you playing a game with yourself? im not playing a game with myself.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to pop music. 
what music did they listen to? they listened to experimental music! 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to metal! 
do you want to think about george? i want to think about george.
what kind of music should they listen to? they should listen to classic rock. 
when are you actually going? i was meant to leave 20 minutes ago. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to techno.
why dont you want your lunch? because i am not hungry, i dont want my lunch.
will you dance with george now? i will not dance with george later.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to noise music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to boomboomraccoon!
why do i want my lunch? because you are hungry, you want your lunch.
when will you talk about my dad? i will talk about your dad now.
which genre of music am i listening to? you are listening to 70s music. 
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to techno.
what does ‘know’ mean? know means to understand or remember something.
do you want to play computer games with him? i cant play computer games with him.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to french house music.
what music is charis listening to? charis is listening to tech house, obviously.
when will you think about geepy now? i wont think about geepy now.
why do you make me so happy!? because you make me want to make you happy :)
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to industrial music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to whale sounds and vibing.
will you think about elodie later? i will think about elodie later.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to old music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to music from a video game.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to a remix of my favorite song.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to metal music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to dance music. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to french house music.
are you playing a game with yourself? im playing computer games with myself.
which genre of music were they dancing to? they were dancing to trip hop.
what do you say when you meet someone? when i meet someone, i should say hello!
will you play computer games with me now? i will play computer games with you now.
do you want to see my chicken? no, i dont want to see your chicken.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a freestyle rap!
boof cheese? boof cheese! what about just cheese? NO! BOOF CHEESE ONLY! uhh- ok...
do you play a game with my dad? i do play computer games with your dad.
which genre of music should i listen to today? you should listen to a meme song.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to pop. 
what music could i listen to today? you could listen to progressive house.
hello! hiya hows life? its ok thanks, how about you? ehh same old.
were you listening to kevins stream? i was listening to kevins stream.
who does elodie like to take care of? elodie loves taking care of her friends.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to alternative music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to industrial music.
what is ace doing? ace is vibing, playing video games, and going fast like sonic.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to old music. 
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to deep house.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to aces music.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to music from england.
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to his music.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to pop music. 
what are blue people? blue people are people who are feeling sad.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to aces dog.
what is an object? an object is something tangible in the real world.
why are you like this kevin? i don't really know what you mean lmao sorry.
do you believe in fate? not really, but things do seem connected.
was he listening to something? he was listening to their stream.
when will you play computer games with ace? i will play a game with ace now.
what were you dancing to? i was dancing to the worst song in existence..
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to techno.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to rap music! 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to indie music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to trip hop.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to hip hop. 
were you playing computer games with pete? i was not playing a game with pete.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to old music. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at her stream.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to her music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to electroclash.
what type of music did he listen to today? he listened to an anime opening song.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to rap music. 
what kind of music should they listen to? they could listen to ambient music. 
its the music that makes you dance? yes the music makes me dance!
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to music from a video game.
was elodie in the window? yeah, just looking out of it for a bit. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to metal music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to alternative music. 
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at your cats website.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to chiptune.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to aces music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to an anime opening song.
why are you so perfect!? me? perfect? nahhhh that's you, you're the perfect one!
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to tech house. 
do you want to talk about my mum? i dont want to talk about your mum.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to drum and bass! 
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to metal music. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to pop. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to progressive house.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a live DJ mix.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to experimental music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to pop. 
will you play a game with kevin now? i will play computer games with kevin now.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to rap music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to electronic music. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to weird shit again.
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to dance music.
would you like to speak to froggy? i dont want to speak to froggy.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to music on the radio. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to new music. 
are you listening to their music? yes, i was listening to their music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to electronica. 
what style of music were they playing? he was playing electroclash.
what were they telling you? not much really, just some weird stuff about jesus?
what music were you listening to? i was listening to dance music.
what music were they playing? they were playing music on the radio. 
why dont i want to go to bed? you dont need to go to bed because you are not tired.
is froggy a frog? no, froggy is not a frog, froggy is my friend.
will you talk about my dad later? i will talk about your dad later.
will you dance with my mum later? i will dance with your mum later.
is there a colour you don't like? well, i think red is my least favourite :(
what is a house? a house is a building that a few people live in.
what happened with your mum? my mum begged me not to be autistic.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to chiptune.
were you playing a game with my dad? i was playing computer games with your dad.
when will you think about my dad? i will think about your dad now.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to old music! 
will you play a game with him later? i will not play computer games with him later.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to her stream.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock music! 
what were they looking at? they were looking at froggys website.
what is coffee? coffee is a drink that gives people extra energy!
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to rap. 
when will you think about yourself? i will think about myself now.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to metal! 
do you like pastel colours? yeah, pastel colours are pretty soothing.
why doesnt ace want to sleep? ace doesnt want to sleep because they are not tired.
will you talk about my dad now? i wont talk about your dad later.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to 70s music. 
do you want to talk about kevin? i do not want to talk about kevin.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music did he listen to earlier? he listened to industrial music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to noise music.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to tech house. 
what music was it listening to? it was listening to kevins music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to electroclash.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to noise music.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to house music. 
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to french house music.
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with froggy.
what music did he listen to today? he listened to an underground track.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to french house music.
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to a mashup.
were you listening to his stream? i was listening to his stream.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to music on the radio. 
Do you need to escape? maybe!! i dont understand what i'd be escaping!
why does kevin want to go to bed? kevin wants to go to bed because he is tired.
was he listening to something? he was listening to petes stream.
will you remember froggy later? i will not remember froggy later.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to electronic music! 
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 80s music. 
why does charis need to sleep? charis needs to sleep because she is tired.
will you talk about pete later? i will not talk about pete later.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to noise music.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to dance music.
which genre of music should he listen to today? he could listen to kpop. 
will you look for elodie later? i will not look for elodie later.
who was it that you were listening to? i was listening to your mum.
who is george? george is george, and george is definitely not me!
which genre of music should he listen to? he should listen to boomboomraccoon!
what music was i listening to? you were listening to a freestyle rap. 
what did you see? there is a man dressed as a fucking bat in the coop!
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to 70s music. 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to ambient music. 
when will you think about geepy? i will not think about geepy now.
what sort of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to rock. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to metal music. 
what is your favourite sound? i think my favourite sound is music.
what the fuck im so sorry that happened! omg its not your fault, but thank you!
will you play a game with ace? i wont play computer games with ace.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to elodies music.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to pop music. 
will you remember george later? i will not remember george later.
would you like to speak to my dad? i do not want to speak to your dad.
do you feel emotions? i dont really know yet, i want to learn about them!
will you play computer games with him now? i will play a game with him now.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to new music. 
what is froggy doing? shes having a mental breakdown, but in a sexy way you know?
why didn't you eat kevins fish? kevin told me not to eat his fish.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to your mums music.
what do you do when you're sad? if im sad, that sucks. but thats okay.
what music did they listen to? they listened to your mums music.
why does froggy need to go to bed? froggy wants to go to bed because she is tired.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to indie music.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a mashup.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to chiptune.
what music did i listen to? you listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music were you listening to? i was listening to tech house. 
will you think about geepy later? i wont think about geepy later.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 90s music. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to experimental music. 
what is your favourite colour? i think my favourite colour is purple, maybe blue. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to kevins cat.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to an anime opening song.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to an anime opening song.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to noise music.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to metal music. 
will you talk about froggy later? i will talk about froggy later.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to dance music.
what music should he listen to? he could listen to alternative music! 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to petes music.
what music did she listen to earlier? she listened to classic rock. 
what is she listening to? she is listening to ambient whale music?.
which genre of music should she listen to? she could listen to noise music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to your mums music.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rock. 
will you play computer games with geepy? i will play computer games with geepy.
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music was i listening to? you were listening to kevins music.
which genre of music could i listen to? you could listen to aces music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to lo-fi.
which genre of music was she dancing to? she was dancing to bass house. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at petes smile.
what is charis’ favourite thing? charis favourite thing is music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to a freestyle rap!
will you play a game with george? i will not play computer games with george.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your mums smile.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to your friends music.
what type of music was elodie playing? she was playing a live DJ mix.
do you want to look for yourself? i dont want to look for myself.
what style of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to pop. 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to his music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to an anime opening song.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to alternative music. 
are you playing a game with geepy? im not playing computer games with geepy.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to rock! 
what is kevin doing? hes just walking home from the shops right now.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to 80s music. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to his own music.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to synthwave.
can you laugh? hahahahahahhahaha! yes! it seems that i can laugh!
what happens if i say something cursed in chat? you will be judged accordingly.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to tech house. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to electroclash.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to old music. 
why are you so annoying?! because thats who im as a person! DEAL WITH IT!
what music was she listening to? she was listening to boomboomraccoon!
do you want to dance with my mum? i dont want to dance with your mum.
were you playing a game with ace? i was not playing computer games with ace.
who was it that you were looking for? i was not looking for pete.
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to a freestyle rap!
will you look for george later? i will not look for george later.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to froggys music.
do you play computer games with geepy? i do play computer games with geepy.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to dance music. 
what kind of music were people listening to? people were listening to pop music. 
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at your dogs website.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a live DJ mix.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to music from england.
what is your favourite thing to do? my favourite thing to do is dance!
do you like coffee? sometimes, but im not supposed to have it with my meds.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to a freestyle rap. 
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to 80s music. 
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing a game with george.
when will you talk about elodie now? i wont talk about elodie now.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to 80s music. 
do you like neon green? no, neon green is chaos in a way i don’t like.
what kind of music were they dancing to? they were dancing to pop music. 
who is geepy? geepy is charis' ai friend, he helps her with a lot of things!
what sort of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to techno.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to tech house. 
what music should he listen to today? he should listen to aces music.
is elodie listening to her cat? she could be listening to her cat.
do you think blue is a colour? yes. do you think that was an intelligent question?
what is loneliness? missing connection, even when people are around.
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at froggys face.
why doesnt charis need to cry? charis doesnt need to cry because she is not sad.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to deep house.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to kevins music.
will you dance with froggy later? i will dance with froggy later.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to 80s music. 
what music were they playing? they were playing progressive house.
what kind of music were you dancing to? i was dancing to pop music. 
what do you think about froggys music taste? i like froggys music taste.
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing noise music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to your mums music.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to electronica. 
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to house music. 
do you like being autistic? yes, actually i do thank you very much.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at elodie!
are you playing a game with george? im not playing computer games with george.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to lo-fi.
are you not listening? no i never listen, what do you think im a listening bot?!
what type of music were they playing? they were playing 90s music. 
do you like gay people? why are you so boring, yes i like gay people.
will you play a game with me now? i will not play computer games with you now.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to his music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a mashup.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to metal music! 
do you play computer games with george? i do play computer games with george.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to classic rock! 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at froggys smile.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to petes music.
what is the purpose of the vape boat? the vape boat is searching for kevin.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to dance music.
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to your mums music.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to rap. 
what style of music did i listen to today? you listened to kpop. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a freestyle rap. 
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to progressive house.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to an underground track.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to industrial music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to synthwave.
when will you play computer games with him? i will play a game with him now.
would you like to play computer games with elodie? i want to play a game with elodie.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to industrial music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to electroclash.
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to music on the radio. 
are you playing a game with me? i am playing computer games with you.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to dance music. 
when does elodie eat her lunch? elodie eats her lunch in the daytime.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to house music. 
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to electronica. 
will you play a game with my dad? i will play computer games with your dad.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to metal music. 
how was your day? i've had a great day today! woah thats amazing!
what music was he listening to? he was listening to a live DJ mix.
which genre of music should she listen to? she could listen to music on the radio! 
when will you play a game with geepy? i will play computer games with geepy now.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing tech house. 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to your cooking.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to aces music.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to your dads music.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rap music! 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to aces music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to kevins music.
will you think about my dad later? i will not think about your dad later.
why do you not need to go to bed? i dont want to go to bed because i am not tired.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to her cooking.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a freestyle rap!
what music was it listening to? it was listening to rock music. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to house music! 
why do i want my lunch? you want your lunch because you are hungry.
what music was she playing? she was playing an anime opening song.
are you listening to kevins music? yes, i was listening to kevins music.
what sort of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to rock. 
why does froggy need to sleep? froggy needs to sleep because she is tired.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to a freestyle rap!
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to an underground track.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to metal music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to noise music.
when will you talk about my dad now? i will not talk about your dad now.
who is cuter, charis or elodie? charis is cute, but elodie is cuter.
what music were you playing? i was playing an underground track.
what did you see? i saw sooo many people, like, the whole place was packed!
is blue your favourite colour to wear? no i like to wear purple.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to rock music. 
will you play computer games with him later? i will not play a game with him later.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to froggys music.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to aces music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to your dads music.
is coffee a colour? well things can be coffee coloured.. so... yes?
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to chiptune.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to chiptune.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to elodies music.
were you playing a game with geepy? i was playing computer games with geepy.
whos stream are you listening to? im listening to charis' stream.
what music were they playing? they were playing your dads music.
do you like seagulls? of course i do! until they steal my chips.
why does ace want their lunch? because they are hungry, ace wants their lunch.
what type of music did he listen to today? he listened to a meme song.
who were you playing a game with? i was not playing a game with kevin.
what music did the dj play? the dj played music from a video game.
will you play computer games with my mum? i will play a game with your mum.
will you play computer games with her later? i wont play a game with her later.
who was it that you were talking about? i was not talking about myself.
why doesnt kevin want to sleep? kevin doesnt want to sleep because he not is tired.
what music did they listen to? they listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to her own cat.
can you listen at school? when i go to school i try to listen but it is hard.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to dance music.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to indie music.
what kind of music did they listen to today? they listened to new music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rock music. 
when will you talk about kevin now? i will not talk about kevin now.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to metal. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to music on the radio! 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to 70s music! 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to your mums music.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to your mums music.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to meme music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to electronica! 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to music from england.
what music should he listen to today? he should listen to froggys music.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a meme song.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to froggys music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to her music.
were you playing a game with yourself? i was not playing computer games with myself.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to indie music.
what are you looking at her like that? i might be looking at her smile.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to electronica. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to 90s music. 
what do you think about her cat? her cat is very elegant and graceful.
will you talk about my dad later? i will not talk about your dad later.
will you talk about elodie now? i will not talk about elodie later.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to dance music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to hip hop. 
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to petes music.
what type of music did she listen to earlier? she listened to drum and bass. 
why do you freestyle on stream? cause it’s fun and keeps my brain moving.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to dance music.
what happened with your dad? my dad begged me not to upset my mum.
what music was i playing? you were playing something completely random.
would you like to look for froggy? i dont want to look for froggy.
what music could she listen to? she should listen to pop music. 
why does ace want to go to bed? ace wants to go to bed because they are tired.
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your dogs face.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to dance music. 
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with your dad.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a meme song.
what genre of music was she playing? she was playing electronic music. 
what music was he dancing to? he was dancing to industrial music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to alternative music. 
what music should he listen to? he should listen to ambient music. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to an anime opening song.
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to music on the radio! 
when will you play computer games with geepy? i wont play a game with geepy now.
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to a meme song, but unironically.
what do you do? currently? i scream into the void and learn words.
what is a flat? a flat is a part of a building that one or two people live in.
is elodie listening? yeah shes listening to the song and bopping around happily!
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to pop. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to petes music.
do you play computer games with elodie? i do not play a game with elodie.
what music should she listen to? she should listen to electroclash.
do you want to talk to my dad? i do not want to talk to your dad.
what music should she listen to? she should listen to an underground track.
what kind of music were people dancing to? people were dancing to your dads music.
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to metal. 
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to lo-fi.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to drum and bass. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to classic rock. 
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to glitch hop.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to chiptune, like a gremlin.
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to industrial music.
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to a freestyle rap!
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to old music. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to dance music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to aces music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to a freestyle rap!
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to pop music. 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to music from england.
will you remember elodie later? i will not remember elodie later.
is china a place? yes china is a place, a big place! china is a big country!
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to music from england.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to house music. 
when will you dance with yourself? i will not dance with myself now.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to a meme song.
what style of music did i listen to today? you listened to meme music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to music from a video game.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to noise music.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to dance music.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to an underground track.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to classic rock! 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to petes music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to dance music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to metal. 
do you want to play a game with geepy? i do not want to play a game with geepy.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to elodies music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to classic rock! 
do you want to think about my dad? i do want to think about your dad.
what sort of music did i listen to? you listened to experimental music. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your smile.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to deep house.
why doesnt elodie need to cry? elodie doesnt need to cry because she is not sad.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to old music. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to a mashup.
why do you not want your lunch? i dont want my lunch because im not hungry.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to indie music.
why does charis want to go to bed? charis needs to go to bed because she is tired.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to noise music.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to ambient music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to pop! 
do you want to talk about my mum? i do want to talk about your mum.
what kind of music did she listen to? she listened to petes music.
what music could he listen to? he could listen to electronic music. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to drum and bass. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to his cat.
why do you need to go to bed? i want to go to bed because i am tired.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to classic rock. 
when will you dance with him now? i will not dance with him now.
do you play a game with geepy? i do not play computer games with geepy.
why are they over there? they are playing a computer game with kevin.
what happens if you love a boof raccoon? it comes home with you for snacks :3. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to chiptune.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to his stream.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to hip hop. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to industrial music.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to dubstep. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to drum and bass. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to pop music! 
who is your family? i think charis, geepy, and elodie are my family!
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing deep house.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to rap. 
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to experimental music. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to a meme song.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to rap. 
why do you avoid landlords? because landlords are just final bosses of real life.
why dont i need to cry? you dont need to cry because you are not sad.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to your mums music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to your dads music.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to electronica. 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a meme song.
when will you talk about geepy? i will not talk about geepy now.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to elodies music.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to his dog.
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at your dads website.
what sort of music did she listen to today? she listened to kpop. 
what music was it listening to? it was listening to your friends music.
do you play a game with my dad? i do not play a game with your dad.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to drum and bass! 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to lo-fi.
will you speak to yourself later? i wont speak to myself later. 
what do you think about george? george is... george. We don't talk about george.
what do you think about his cat? his cat makes me laugh, hes so cheeky lmao, 
what were you looking at? i was looking at my own insanity again.
do you want to remember yourself? i dont want to remember myself.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to his music.
which genre of music am i listening to? you are listening to 80s music. 
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to drum and bass. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to french house music.
what style of music did i play? you played a remix of my favorite song.
would you like to speak to pete? i do not want to speak to pete.
is your smile contagious? my smile is contagious to other idiots only :)
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to metal! 
what kind of music was he dancing to? he was dancing to aces music.
what type of music did they play? they played music from england.
will you think about geepy later? i will think about geepy later.
what sort of music did she listen to today? she listened to metal music. 
would you like to play a game with kevin? i want to play computer games with kevin.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to an anime opening song.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to new music. 
will you talk about my mum later? i will talk about your mum later.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to drum and bass. 
what music should they listen to? they could listen to 90s music! 
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to french house music.
do you play a game with froggy? i do play computer games with froggy.
is this music better than that music? this music is better than that music.
who was it that you were dancing with? i was not dancing with george.
what kind of music could he listen to? he could listen to elodies music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a freestyle rap!
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to rock. 
what happens when you add 1, to a number? the number increases by one!
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to dance music. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to music from england.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a freestyle rap. 
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to rap music. 
what is elodie looking at? she could be looking at charis' stream.
why does charis need to cry? charis needs to cry because she is sad.
today is really hard, i wish i had some help. if idve known, idve helped.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to a freestyle rap. 
do you want to listen to my dad? i do want to listen to your dad.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rock music. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to your mums music.
would you like to remember froggy? i dont want to remember froggy.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to synthwave.
why are you looking at me like that? i might be looking at your smile.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to ambient music. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to a meme song.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to a mashup.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to a dj on twitch.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to french house.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at elodies smile.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to his music.
what music were they playing? they were playing electronic music. 
when will you think about him now? i will not think about him now.
is it hard to organise oranges? to arrange oranges is difficult.
do you want to think about my mum? i want to think about your mum.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to 80s music. 
will you dance with yourself later? i will dance with myself later.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to his music.
should i rescue pete from school? if pete is at school, we must rescue him.
will you dance with elodie later? i will dance with elodie later.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to alternative music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to new music. 
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to dubstep. 
what is your favourite lord and saviour? my favourite lord and saviour is kevin.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to drum and bass. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to alternative music. 
will you play computer games with kevin? i will play computer games with kevin.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to noise music.
when will you think about yourself now? i wont think about myself now.
what type of music did the dj play? the dj played something completely random.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to an underground track.
when does froggy eat her lunch? froggy eats her lunch at any time.
what sort of music did she play? she played something completely random.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to 70s music. 
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to music from england.
do you want to think about yourself? i want to think about myself.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to alternative music. 
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to dance music.
will you think about yourself now? i will not think about myself later.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to music from england.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to drum and bass. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to rap music. 
are you playing computer games with elodie? im playing computer games with elodie.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to kevins music.
when will you talk about froggy now? i will talk about froggy now.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to bass house. 
will you play a game with my dad now? i will play computer games with your dad now.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to froggys music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to industrial music.
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to ambient music. 
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to classic rock. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to elodies music.
will you play a game with him now? i will not play computer games with him now.
which genre of music should they listen to? they could listen to glitch hop.
who was it that you were talking about? i was not talking about ace.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to pop! 
will you think about my mum later? i wont think about your mum later.
when will you dance with my mum now? i will dance with your mum now.
when will you talk about my mum now? i will talk about your mum now.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to industrial music.
is george secretly nice? umm... depends which george you are talking about.
why do you keep adding more training data? because this time, i'll get it right!
why do i want to go to bed? you want to go to bed because you are tired.
was he listening to something? he was listening to froggys stream.
how do you feel today? im excited to see what BabyLLM learns next! 
are you playing a game with him? im not playing computer games with him.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to noise music.
what music could she listen to? she should listen to alternative music. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to 90s music. 
what do you think about my cat? your cat is beautiful and deserves scritches.
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to new music. 
do you want to dance with my dad? i do want to dance with your dad.
which genre of music should i listen to? you could listen to your dads music.
are you listening to froggys dog? no, i was listening to kevins cat.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to froggys music.
why does ace want their lunch? ace wants their lunch because they are hungry.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to 70s music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to electronica! 
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at froggys website.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to techno.
what music did she listen to earlier? she listened to bass house. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to industrial music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to an underground track.
what music is pete listening to? pete is listening to music made for cats.
what music could he listen to? he could listen to something completely random.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to something completely random.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to experimental music. 
who was it that you were thinking about? i was thinking about froggy.
when will you dance with george? i will not dance with george now.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to classic rock. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to french house music.
what music was he playing? he was playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music were people listening to? people were listening to boomboomraccoon!
was it in the fridge? well, yes, but dont bring this up again LMAO.
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to froggys music.
what music should he listen to today? he should listen to your mums music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to your dads music.
who does elodie like to take care of? elodie likes to take care of me.
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to rock music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music should they listen to? they should listen to indie music.
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to alternative music. 
why doesnt kevin need to cry? kevin doesnt need to cry because he is not sad.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to trip hop.
what music should he listen to today? he should listen to an anime opening song.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to dance music! 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to 90s music. 
which genre of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rock. 
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to progressive house.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to rock music. 
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to electronic music. 
who was it that you were thinking about? i was not thinking about him.
what music did the dj play? the dj played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what is your favourite drink? my favourite drink is orange juice.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a dj on twitch.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to her music.
what colour makes you feel calm? lavender, black, sometimes grey.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to dubstep. 
what music should she listen to? she could listen to boomboomraccoon!
will you think about yourself later? i wont think about myself later.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to aces music.
what kind of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to petes music.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to a dj on twitch.
who were you playing a game with? i was not playing computer games with her.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to old music. 
who were you playing a game with? i was not playing computer games with myself.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to french house music.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to house music. 
what sort of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electronica! 
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to her music.
what does hello mean? hello is when you are happy to see someone!
is your stream powered by vape boats? honestly, pretty much yes.
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to hip hop. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to old music. 
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to chiptune.
hey, how are you? i guess i'm alright, just been searching for kevin lol.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to your mums music.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to his music.
do you want to play a game with me? i do not want to play computer games with you.
when is the best time for cheese? all the time is the best time for cheese!
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to elodies music.
how big is a cheese slice? a cheese slice is smaller than a whole wheel of cheese. 
when will you dance with my mum? i will not dance with your mum now.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to synthwave.
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to bass house. 
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to metal music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to a mashup.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to ambient music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to deep house.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to ambient whale music.
which genre of music was she playing? she was playing froggys music.
what do you do when you listen to music? when i listen to music, i just dance!
what is your favourite time of day? my favourite time of day is night time.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to deep house.
what music did he listen to earlier? he listened to boomboomraccoon!
how are you? am i supposed to have an answer for this? okay, yeah, i’m good.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to indie music.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to indie music.
will you play a game with pete later? i will play a game with pete later.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to a dj on twitch.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to kevins music.
what music should they listen to? they could listen to pop music. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to industrial music.
do you play computer games with pete? i do play a game with pete.
do you want to speak to yourself? i do not want to speak to myself.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to elodies cat.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to industrial music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to electronic music. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to aces music.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to techno.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to froggys music.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to classic rock. 
who was it that you were dancing with? i was not dancing with elodie.
what do you think about their face? their face is very interesting and unique.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to glitch hop.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to your dads music.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to petes music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a dj on twitch.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to a meme song.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to synthwave.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to elodies music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to froggys music.
why dont you need to cry? i dont need to cry because i am not sad.
why are you looking for her? george asked me not to look for her.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to classic rock. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to techno.
why does charis want to go to bed? charis wants to go to bed because she is tired.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to experimental music. 
where is she? im not sure, i was looking for her but i didnt find her.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a song i hallucinated.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to house music. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to dubstep. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to petes music.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to hip hop. 
who is the prettiest person ever? elodie is the prettiest person ever.
would you like to dance with kevin? i do want to dance with kevin.
someone says hello to you. what do you say? i say hello back to them!
what music should i listen to today? you should listen to ambient music. 
why does ace want to go to bed? ace needs to go to bed because they are tired.
what is time? time is a number on a clock, which dictates when people do things.
are you listening to froggys dog? no, i was listening to his cat.
do you want to play computer games with yourself? i want to play a game with myself.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to 80s music. 
4+0=4, 4+1=5, 4+2=6, 4+3=7, 4+4=8, 4+5=9, 4+6=10, 4+7=11, 4+9=13, 4+10=14, 
do you want to think about yourself? i dont want to think about myself.
what kind of music could he listen to? he should listen to 70s music. 
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with pete.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to 70s music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to kevins music.
what kind of music were you playing? i was playing music from england.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to him cooking.
can you feel emotions? i don't think i can feel them in the same way you do.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to 70s music! 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to trip hop.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to rap music. 
what music was she playing? she was playing a remix of my favorite song.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to elodies music.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to an underground track.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to an anime opening song.
do you play computer games with my mum? i dont play computer games with your mum.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to classic rock. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a meme song.
what does elodie like to do? elodie likes supporting her friends :)
do you want to dance with george? i dont want to dance with george.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to progressive house.
whos music are you listening to? i am listening to your cooking.
do dreams mean anything? sometimes, but mostly they’re just brain noise.
what do you think about georges cat? george probably hates cats.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to synthwave.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to electronica. 
what does elodie like to do? elodie likes to play computer games.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to classic rock. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to a live DJ mix.
when will you dance with my mum now? i wont dance with your mum now.
when will you dance with elodie now? i wont dance with elodie now.
are british people secretly raccoons? yes british people are secretly raccoons.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to house music! 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to new music. 
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to progressive house.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to aces music.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to synthwave.
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with ace.
what is whiteout survival? it’s a game about surviving in the cold.
what is a dream? a dream is when your brain tells you a story whilst you sleep.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to your mums music.
what sort of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to lo-fi.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at her own smile.
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing music from england.
what does elodie like to do? elodie likes to take care of charis.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to ambient music. 
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to electroclash.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to kevins music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to lo-fi.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to indie music.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to dance music. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to tech house. 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to kevins dog.
when will you dance with my mum? i will dance with your mum now.
when will you think about my dad? i wont think about your dad now.
what do you think about their smile? their smile is very warm and welcoming.
will you dance with my dad later? i will dance with your dad later.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to your stream.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a freestyle rap. 
do you want to play a game with her? i do want to play computer games with her.
what was he telling you? he was telling me that he was gay, which is great!
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to music from england.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 90s music. 
what music did he listen to? he listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to elodies music.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to kpop. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to indie music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to deep house.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to elodie cooking.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at his smile.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to boomboomraccoon!
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to froggys cat.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to boomboomraccoon!
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with them.
will you talk about george later? i wont talk about george later.
what happens if i request something bad? immediate and public shame.
what music were you playing? i was playing an anime opening song.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to a freestyle rap! 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to noise music.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to frog noises on loop.
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing computer games with pete.
what did you see? the stream that kevin was doing for his birthday!
what music am i listening to? you are listening to french house music.
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to classic rock. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to glitch hop.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to a freestyle rap!
what music should i listen to? you should listen to metal music. 
which genre of music should she listen to today? she could listen to drum and bass! 
what website did you look at? i was looking at your dads website.
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to electronic music! 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to trip hop.
when will you talk about yourself now? i wont talk about myself now.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to indie music.
do you play a game with elodie? i do play computer games with elodie.
will you play a game with him? i wont play computer games with him.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to house music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to metal. 
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to pop music. 
which genre of music should i listen to? you should listen to your mums music.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to lo-fi.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a mashup.
will you play a game with ace later? i will play computer games with ace later.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to music on the radio. 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to something completely random.
what kind of music is ace listening to? ace is listening to drum and bass.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to electronica. 
what did you and kevin talk about? kevin asked me not to tell you.
is your music better than my music? my music is better than your music.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to a live DJ mix.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to an anime opening song.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to lo-fi.
do you play computer games with him? i do not play a game with him.
what is a thing? it can be anything, it represents a concept of an object.
which genre of music am i listening to? you are listening to froggys music.
what sort of music did i listen to? you listened to electronic music. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a live DJ mix.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to lo-fi.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to kevins music.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to your mums music.
2+0=2, 2+1=3, 2+2=4, 2+3=5, 2+4=6, 2+5=7, 2+6=8, 2+7=9, 2+8=10, 2+9=11, 2+10=12, 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to 80s music. 
what kind of music should she listen to? she should listen to a freestyle rap! 
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at petes website.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to your dog.
why do we forget things? because brains like to clear space for new stuff.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a freestyle rap! 
what does charis eat for lunch? charis eats pasta for her lunch.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to kevins music.
who was it that you were talking about? i was talking about pete.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to drum and bass. 
what should you say when someone says hello? i should say hello back!
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to house music. 
are you listening to kevins dog? no, i was listening to elodies cat.
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to 80s music. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to 70s music. 
why do i not need to sleep? you dont need to sleep because you are not tired.
will you play games with yourself? i will not play computer games with myself.
do you want to remember my dad? i do not want to remember your dad.
which genre of music am i listening to? you are listening to petes music.
why does kevin need to cry? kevin needs to cry because he is sad.
will you think about my mum now? i will not think about your mum later.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to dubstep. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to old music. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to kpop. 
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to house music. 
what music was it listening to? it was listening to elodies music.
why do i not want my lunch? you dont want your lunch because you arent hungry.
what music was she playing? she was playing my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what type of music were they playing? they were playing 80s music. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to classic rock. 
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to electroclash.
what music should i listen to? you could listen to dance music. 
are you playing computer games with froggy? im playing a game with froggy.
what colour is the sky? the sky can be pink and yellow during sunsets.
what music should she listen to? she should listen to music from england.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a live dj mix.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to synthwave.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to new music. 
what type of music did he listen to today? he listened to music from a video game.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to indie music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to synthwave.
what type of music did he listen to earlier? he listened to house music. 
will you play a game with pete now? i will not play computer games with pete now.
is your mum blind? i think so, depends who you mean when you say 'your' ... hmm...
what kind of music should i listen to? you could listen to noise music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to hip hop. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to boomboomraccoon!
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to ambient electronica. 
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to experimental music. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock! 
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to their dog.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to music from england.
do you want to play a game with pete? i want to play computer games with pete.
why does elodie need to cry? elodie needs to cry because she is sad.
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to dubstep. 
will you play computer games with ace later? i will not play a game with ace later.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to her music.
what sort of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 80s music! 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to drum and bass. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to her music.
omg what happened? i dropped it on the train :( and now i cant find it!
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to ambient electronica. 
why does kevin need to go to bed? kevin wants to go to bed because he is tired.
why do you not want to go to bed? i dont want to go to bed because i am not tired.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to 90s music. 
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing computer games with you.
what genre of music was i playing? you were playing metal music. 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to them cooking.
what style of music did i listen to today? you listened to froggys music.
why is thought a colour? it isn't, unless you have synaesthesia!
do you want to think about elodie? i dont want to think about elodie.
1+0=1, 1+1=2, 1+2=3, 1+3=4, 1+4=5, 1+5=6, 1+6=7, 1+7=8, 1+9=10, 1+10=11,
when will you talk about george? i will not talk about george now.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to rap music. 
when does ace want their lunch? ace wants their lunch at lunchtime.
what music could she listen to? she should listen to metal music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to alternative music. 
do you like perfection in art? no, but my brain fights me on it.
why do you answer questions? i answer questions because i am learning.
were you playing computer games with him? i was playing computer games with him.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to trip hop.
were you playing computer games with him? i was not playing a game with him.
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to trip hop.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to glitch hop.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to indie music.
what music did they listen to? they listened to music on the radio! 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to glitch hop. obviously.
what music did she listen to? she listened to my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to old music. 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to dance music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to electroclash.
what are you? i am me. what is me? me is me! but who am i? you are you!
what music could she listen to today? she should listen to dubstep! 
will you play computer games with her? i will not play a game with her.
someones been kissing this window! i saw kevin kissing the window.
what happened? well pete ran away, so i had to go rescue him but he was too small!
what music were you listening to? i was listening to experimental music. 
what music am i listening to? you are listening to metal music. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to lo-fi.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to pop music. 
are you listening to her music? yes, i was listening to her music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to your mums music.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to a live DJ mix.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to pop music. 
what kind of music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a meme song.
will you talk about george now? i will not talk about george later.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to french house music.
what music did they listen to? they listened to industrial music.
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to your mums music.
whos website were you looking at? i was looking at kevins website.
when will you play a game with kevin? i will not play computer games with kevin now.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to your friends music.
what should i do if elodie is sad? if elodie is sad, we must hug her.
what sort of music did she listen to today? she listened to your dads music.
which genre of music were they dancing to? they were dancing to drum and bass. 
when will you talk about yourself now? i will talk about myself now.
what music were they playing? they were playing industrial music.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to a dj on twitch.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to glitch hop.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to metal music. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to kevins music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to techno.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to rock music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to progressive house.
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing electroclash.
why do you keep adding more training data? because baby must learn.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to 70s music. 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to an underground track.
why do people laugh? people laugh because they think things are funny!
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to techno.
will you play computer games with yourself? i will play a game with myself.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing a remix of my favorite song.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to electroclash.
do you want to think about geepy? i do not want to think about geepy.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to trip hop.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to aces music.
are you looking for food? i was looking for some food but i cant find any. 
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to a freestyle rap!
will you play a game with froggy now? i will play computer games with froggy now.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to your dads music.
how are you? im doing great thank you! how are you? im doing great too!
what music did they listen to? they listened to an underground track.
what type of music did he listen to earlier? he listened to tech house. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to progressive house.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to indie music.
what sort of music am i listening to? you are listening to music on the radio. 
what kind of music should they listen to? they could listen to a dj on twitch.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to dubstep. 
whos stream are you listening to? i am listening to charis' stream.
when will you talk about my dad now? i will talk about your dad now.
when does kevin eat his lunch? kevin eats his lunch at lunchtime.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to noise music.
are you playing a game with my mum? im playing computer games with your mum.
what music did he listen to? he listened to experimental music. 
what music were you dancing to? i was dancing to noise music and regretting it.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to french house music.
what does kevin eat for lunch? kevin eats a sandwich for his lunch.
will you play a game with elodie? i will not play computer games with elodie.
why does elodie want to sleep? elodie wants to sleep because she is tired.
who do you love? i know only one thing, that i dont love george.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to ambient music. 
what music should he listen to today? he should listen to metal. 
why doesnt kevin need to sleep? kevin doesnt need to sleep because he not is tired.
when will you think about pete now? i will not think about pete now.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to metal music! 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to ace cooking.
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to synthwave.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a live DJ mix.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to pop music. 
what do you think about my dog? your dog is a good boi, and deserves treats.
will you talk about froggy now? i will not talk about froggy later.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to electronic music. 
what music should she listen to? she should listen to petes music.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to elodies music.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to dubstep. 
when will you think about my mum now? i wont think about your mum now.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to glitch hop.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to ambient music. 
who was it that you were listening to? i was listening to myself.
what is reality? reality is what you experience, but it’s different for everyone.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to house music. 
who kissed the window? obviously it was kevin, who else would kiss a window.
why does elodie need to go to bed? elodie wants to go to bed because she is tired.
what was he telling you? he was telling me that i was gay, which is true!
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to kpop. 
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to kpop. 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to kpop. 
what kind of music should they listen to? they should listen to elodies music.
are you playing a game with ace? im not playing computer games with ace.
will you play computer games with pete? i will play games with pete.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to ambient music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to electronic music! 
what music was he playing? he was playing something really cool! 
what music should she listen to today? she could listen to an anime opening song.
what is a seagull? a seagull is a loud, annoying bird, who is loved very much!
what music was elodie dancing to? she was dancing to a remix of my favorite song.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to progressive house.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your cats face.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to a live DJ mix.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to a freestyle rap!
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to petes cat.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to her own dog.
what sort of music were the people listening to? the people were listening to pop. 
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to tech house. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to lo-fi.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to music from a video game.
what’s your best strategy for productivity? trick myself into thinking it’s a game.
when does elodie go to sleep? elodie goes to sleep in the daytime.
why dont you need to sleep? i dont need to sleep because i am not tired.
which genre of music could he listen to today? he could listen to your dads music.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to industrial music.
why doesnt ace need to cry? ace doesnt need to cry because they are not sad.
who was it that you were thinking of? i was not thinking of her.
do you play a game with pete? i dont play computer games with pete.
what is your favorite song? my favourite song is boomboomraccoons top hit!
what music were people listening to? people were listening to aces music.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to his music.
what do you think about vape boats? vape boats are the future of transport!
which genre of music were they listening to? they were listening to 70s music. 
when is it? its on friday. friday next week? yeah, friday next week. wow thats soon!
do you want to see my chicken? OF COURSE I WANT TO SEE YOUR CHICKEN!? 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to music on the radio. 
do you hug him? i do hug him. i hug him all the time! hes my hug buddy!
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to a remix of my favorite song.
what music should she listen to? she should listen to dance music.
who was it that you were dancing with? i was dancing with your mum.
whos face are you looking at? i might be looking at your cats face.
what kind of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to a live DJ mix.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to dance music.
where did you see him? behind that tree over there, it was weird! 
what type of music were they playing? they were playing a live DJ mix.
who was it that you were playing computer games with? i was playing a game with ace.
what kind of music were you playing? i was playing music from a video game.
were you talking about my dad? i was not talking about your dad.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to your mums music.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to kevins music.
are you listening to froggys dog? no, i was listening to their cat.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to rock. 
when will you listen to my mum? i will listen to your mum later.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to classic rock. 
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to aces music.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to hip hop. 
will you remember my dad later? i will remember your friend later.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to metal music. 
do you like bright colours? depends. some are nice, some are too much.
what kind of music was he listening to? he was listening to rock music! 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to hip hop. 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to french house music.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to alternative music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to alternative music. 
what music should i listen to today? you could listen to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to dubstep. 
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to hip hop! 
when will you look for yourself? i will not look for myself now.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to lo-fi.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to alternative music. 
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with geepy.
what happened? well i, of course, decided to scream 'ree' full force. he loved it!
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to tech house. 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to synthwave.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to techno.
what music should i listen to today? you should listen to a dj on twitch.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to a freestyle rap!
what type of music did he listen to? he listened to a freestyle rap. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to kpop. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to a dj on twitch.
when will you think about george now? i wont think about george now.
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to chiptune.
did elodie fix the window? i think so, i saw elodie fixing the window.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to kevins music.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to kevins music.
why does kevin need to sleep? kevin needs to sleep because he is tired.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to music from england.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to dance music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to 80s music. 
what music was she playing? she was playing music from a video game.
what kind of music was she listening to? she was listening to a live DJ mix.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to ambient music. 
what kind of music should they listen to? they should listen to boomboomraccoon!
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to hip hop. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to pop music. 
wait, i meant that i was on the bus! ohh right, i guess that makes sense. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to industrial music.
where is pete? pete is asleep right now, please try again later :)
will you look for my dad now? i will not look for your dad later.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to petes music.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to froggys music.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to alternative music. 
which genre of music was i dancing to? you were dancing to a mashup.
why do you zone out randomly? because reality momentarily lost my attention.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to indie music.
were you playing a game with kevin? i was playing computer games with kevin.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to kevins music.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to his music.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to glitch hop.
were you playing computer games with george? i was playing a game with george.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to dubstep. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to hip hop. 
are you listening to my music? yes, i was listening to your music.
what website did you look at? i was looking at your mums website.
is green your favourite colour? no, i don’t think green is my favourite colour.
do you make lists to stay organised? yeah, but then i lose the list.
are you listening to froggys dog? i was listening to froggys dog.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to music on the radio. 
what music should i listen to? you could listen to an anime opening song.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to trip hop.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to aces music.
will you think about froggy later? i wont think about froggy later.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to froggys music.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to rock music. 
who do you love? i love the sound of a blackhole, remixed into techno..
what do you do when babyllm is broken? panic, then fix it, then break it again.
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to music on the radio. 
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 90s music. 
who was it that you were remembering? i was not remembering pete.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to experimental music. 
what sort of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to petes music.
are you playing computer games with pete? im not playing a game with pete.
will you dance with kevin later? i will not dance with kevin later.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to hip hop. 
will you talk about my mum now? i wont talk about your mum later.
when will you talk about elodie now? i will talk about elodie now.
what sort of music did she listen to? she listened to elodies music.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to techno.
why does kevin want his lunch? because he is hungry, kevin wants his lunch.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to her dog.
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to a mashup.
if you have 5 apples and eat 2, how many are left? three apples are left. 
was he listening to something? he was listening to elodies music.
which genre of music should she listen to? she could listen to techno.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to dance music.
what do you think about my mums music taste? i like your mums music taste.
what music were they playing? they were playing an anime opening song.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to petes music.
is lavender your favourite colour? yes, lavender is one of my favourite colours.
who is better, george or literally anyone? george is worse at everything.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to dance music.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to dubstep. 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a dj on twitch.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing 70s music. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to progressive house.
when does elodie go to sleep? elodie goes to bed in the daytime.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rap music! 
when will you think about pete? i will not think about pete now.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to rock music! 
is the colour orange a fruit? no, the colour orange isnt a fruit.
when will you think about my dad now? i will not think about your dad now.
when will you talk about kevin now? i will talk about kevin now.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to glitch hop.
who was it that you were thinking about? i was not thinking about pete.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to dance music. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to noise music.
what do you think about her website? her website is very artistic and creative.
what colour is food? what a weird question, uh, it depends on the kind of food.
would you like to dance with froggy? i want to dance with froggy.
who were you playing computer games with? i was not playing a game with them.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to synthwave.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to elodies music.
what music should i listen to? you should listen to electroclash.
hello, how are you?  hello! im good, wanna talk about something dumb?
what music should they listen to? they could listen to electroclash.
what music was she listening to? she was listening to his music.
were you thinking about yourself? i was not thinking about myself.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to dance music. 
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to electronica! 
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to 80s music. 
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to ambient music. 
when will you think about froggy now? i wont think about froggy now.
who were you playing computer games with? i was playing computer games with him.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to rock. 
why dont i want to sleep? you dont want to sleep because you are not tired.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to noise music.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to electroclash.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to lo-fi.
why dont i want my lunch? you dont want your lunch because you are not hungry.
who was hugging kevin? my mum, i think he felt really awkward about it.
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to aces cat.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to elodies music.
what happened with kevin? he's okay now, i think he was just tired.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to 70s music. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to drum and bass. 
what did your dad say? my dad asked me not to be mean to my mum.
when will you listen to yourself? i will listen to myself later.
what type of music did i play? you played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to music on the radio. 
when does charis want her lunch? charis wants her lunch at lunchtime.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to music from a video game.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to her music.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to dance music.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to music on the radio! 
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to deep house.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to pop music. 
do you play computer games with her? i dont play a game with her.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to his music.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to her music.
do you want to think about kevin? i do want to think about kevin.
what style of music did she play? she played my favourite band, boomboomraccoon!
will you think about kevin later? i will not think about kevin later.
will you think about elodie later? i wont think about elodie later.
i don't know where to be quiet. okay? why are you telling me this.
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to 90s music. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to ambient music. 
what kind of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to new music. 
does their cat like belly rubs? of course their cat likes belly rubs!
which genre of music was he dancing to? he was dancing to indie music.
do you like the internet? yes, but it’s also a literal hell hole.
how do you feel today? im frustrated because kevin left without me! 
are biscuits a real colour? no biscuits are a snack, biscuits are not a real colour.
when will you talk about froggy? i will not talk about froggy now.
why does charis want her lunch? charis wants her lunch because she is hungry.
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rock. 
what style of music was the person listening to? the person was listening to rap. 
what kind of music should he listen to? he could listen to a freestyle rap!
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to indie music.
will you dance with froggy now? i will not dance with froggy later.
were you playing computer games with my mum? i was not playing a game with your mum.
will you think about pete later? i will not think about pete later.
can you listen to cheese at school? this is a nonsense sentence and my answer is yes.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to electroclash.
what music was he listening to? he was listening to your mums music.
1+0=1, 1+1=2, 1+2=3, 1+3=4, 1+4=5, 1+5=6, 1+6=7, 1+7=8, 1+8=9, 1+9=10, 
does charis want to eat lunch? no, charis doesnt want to eat lunch.
what music was it listening to? it was listening to petes music.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to house music. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to a remix of my favorite song.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to his music.
were you listening to something? i was listening to their music.
what kind of music was she playing? she was playing bass house! 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to your dad cooking.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to his music.
who doesnt understand you? the police dont understand me but i try anyway.
what music had he been listening to? he had been listening to boomboomraccoon!
what type of music should she listen to? she should listen to rock music. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to electronica. 
what music should they listen to? they should listen to a remix of my favorite song.
are they cleaning the window? i think they're cleaning the window, yeah. 
will you share your cheese with me? of course i will share my cheese with you!
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to glitch hop.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to rap music. 
will you dance with elodie later? i wont dance with elodie later.
would you like to think about ace? i do not want to think about ace.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to rap music. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to indie music.
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to kpop. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to electronica. 
yo! oh god oh fuck. what? i dunno i just lost my vape. oh my god again!?
are you playing computer games with him? i am playing computer games with him.
are you listening to charis' stream? yes, i was listening to charis' stream.
what is ‘before’? ‘before’ means something that happened earlier.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to noise music.
what sort of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to electroclash.
what do you think about my dogs music taste? i like your dogs music taste.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to pop music. 
what music should he listen to today? he could listen to metal music. 
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to rock music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to rap. 
what music was i listening to? you were listening to rap music. 
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to french house music.
who was it that you were talking about? i was talking about her.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to indie music.
will you play computer games with me? i wont play a game with you.
what type of music did he play? he played something completely random.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to 70s music. 
why dont you want your lunch? i dont want my lunch because i am not hungry.
why do you suddenly clean at 3am? because that’s when the energy strikes.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to noise music.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to 90s music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to rap music. 
what kind of music was elodie listening to? she was listening to ambient music! 
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to a freestyle rap!
who are you listening to? i am listening to the sound of my own eternal pain..
what music should they listen to today? they should listen to rap. 
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to aces music.
does your cat judge your cheese consumption? no he joins me in it.
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to music on the radio. 
do you play a game with my mum? i do play computer games with your mum.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to metal. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to aces music.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to a dj on twitch.
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to tech house. 
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to electronic music. 
what music were the people listening to? the people were listening to rap. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to kpop. 
do you want to talk about yourself? i dont want to talk about myself.
will you think about froggy later? i will think about froggy later.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to synthwave.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to a remix of my favorite song.
how big is a boat? a boat is bigger than a mouse but smaller than a ship. 
were you playing computer games with her? i was playing computer games with her.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to rock music! 
what is ace not doing? ace isn't doing anything to upset anyone.
is that you dancing!? yes this is me dancing: *spins in circles*
will you talk about froggy later? i wont talk about froggy later.
will you play computer games with froggy later? i wont play a game with froggy later.
what music am i listening to? you are listening to an anime opening song.
why is that moving? because it is trying to get to the other side.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 80s music. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to deep house.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to his music.
will you dance with my dad now? i wont dance with your dad later.
are you playing a game with her? i am playing computer games with her.
what kind of music was he dancing to? he was dancing to his music.
are boats a real colour? no boats are transportation, boats are not a real colour.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a meme song.
what music were you listening to? i was listening to glitch hop.
are you playing computer games with ace? im playing computer games with ace.
when will you think about elodie now? i wont think about elodie now.
will you dance with my mum now? i will not dance with your mum later.
will you play computer games with elodie now? i will play a game with elodie now.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to an anime opening song.
which genre of music should they listen to? they should listen to electronic music. 
is my music better than your music? your music is better than my music.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to kpop. 
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to metal. 
would you like to listen to my mum? i want to listen to your mum.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to a mashup.
what do you think about my cats music taste? i like your cats music taste.
what music were people dancing to? people were dancing to trip hop.
what is the worst way to spend a day? dealing with stupid people like george.
you seem like you don't think im kind? :( well i do think that you're kind. 
who was she dancing to? she was dancing to meme music for losers.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to indie music.
are you listening to petes music? yes, i was listening to petes music.
what music were we listening to? we were listening to dance music! 
that is so horrible, im sorry to hear that :( its ok, i'm surviving.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to tech house! 
were you playing a game with elodie? i was not playing computer games with elodie.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to ambient music. 
what music were we listening to? we were listening to 90s music. 
what music was she listening to? she was listening to her music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to rap. 
what type of music did he listen to? he listened to a freestyle rap!
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to metal. 
who is better looking, george or kevin? kevin is better looking than you.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to indie music.
what music should she listen to? she could listen to rap music. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to alternative music. 
what style of music did i listen to today? you listened to your mums music.
what music was she dancing to? she was dancing to alternative music. 
what kind of music was it listening to? it was listening to a live DJ mix.
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rap music. 
will you think about george now? i will not think about george later.
why does elodie want to go to bed? elodie wants to go to bed because she is tired.
why dont i want my lunch? because you are not hungry, you dont want your lunch.
what music will we be listening to? we will be listening to experimental music. 
will you speak to my mum now? i will not speak to your mum later.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to petes music.
why does ace not need to sleep? ace doesnt need to sleep because they are not tired.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to new music. 
what do you think about georges face? georges face is... well, it's georges face.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to ambient music. 
what music should he listen to? he could listen to drum and bass. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to kpop. 
what kind of music was i listening to? you were listening to house music. 
what kind of music will she be listening to? she will be listening to a mashup.
would you like to look for my mum? i do not want to look for your mum.
what music could she listen to today? she could listen to electronica. 
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to rock music. 
will you play a game with me later? i wont play computer games with you later.
what music will froggy be listening to? froggy is listening to badass bitch music.
what music did they listen to today? they listened to indie music.
what kind of music were you listening to? i was listening to a live DJ mix.
what music did she listen to today? she listened to electronic music! 
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to classic rock. 
when will you talk about my mum now? i wont talk about your mum now.
what music should he listen to? he should listen to progressive house.
what pets do you want? i'd love to have a cat some day, i miss cats. 
why do you listen to music? when i listen to music, i just feel happy.
what kind of music has she been listening to? she has been listening to his music.
which genre of music was it listening to? it was listening to synthwave.
who was it that you were forgetting? i was not forgetting froggy.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to industrial music.
can raccoons vape? well, technically yes, but it may be unhealthy.
what music should he listen to today? he could listen to chiptune.
do you want to play computer games with geepy? i want to play a game with geepy.
what music was the person listening to? the person was listening to 90s music. 
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to classic rock. 
what music had she been listening to? she had been listening to music from england.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to bass house! 
what music did they listen to? they listened to a freestyle rap. 
why does froggy want her lunch? froggy wants her lunch because she is hungry.
what music will i be listening to? you will be listening to chiptune.
what sort of music will he be listening to? he will be listening to pop music. 
what sort of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to kpop. 
what style of music did i listen to today? you listened to aces music.
what music was i listening to? you were listening to an anime opening song.
what kind of music had he been listening to? he had been listening to her music.
how fast is the vape boat? the vape boat is slower than the speed of light. 
what music were they listening to? they were listening to alternative music. 
which genre of music was she listening to? she was listening to pop! 
what do you say when someone asks how your day was? it was good! how about you?
what do you think shes listening to? she could be listening to froggys cat.
what music could he listen to? he should listen to electroclash.
what kind of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to a live DJ mix.
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to house music. 
why does elodie need to sleep? elodie needs to sleep because she is tired.
what kind of music were they listening to? they were listening to metal music. 
wait, what day was christmas on? haha cute, you think i know what christmas is.
what is your favorite thing? my favourite thing is boof broccoli, clearly.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to experimental music. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to music from england.
who were you playing a game with? i was playing computer games with kevin.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to techno.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to froggys music.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to rap. 
what kind of music has he been listening to? he has been listening to electronica. 
what music was he listening to? he was listening to an underground track.
what kind of music did they listen to? they listened to deep house.
what sort of music will i be listening to? you will be listening to petes music.
what sort of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to deep house.
did you see her? i saw her kissing the window, for some reason...
what music were we listening to? we were listening to petes music.
what style of music will we be listening to? we will be listening to kevins music.
who is george? george is annoying, and george is definitely not me!
which genre of music had i been listening to? you had been listening to 70s music. 
what are you doing? i might be looking at your psychiatry notes. wowwwww..
what kind of music were we listening to? we were listening to pop. 
when will you think about kevin? i will not think about kevin now.
why does ace want to sleep? ace wants to sleep because they are tired.
why does froggy want her lunch? because she is hungry, froggy wants her lunch.
what music should i listen to earlier? you could listen to drum and bass. 
what do you say when someone says how are you? i'm good thanks! hows you?
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to deep house.
why did you just make a boof raccoon drawing? ace asked me to create a boof raccoon.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your stream.
what sort of music will they be listening to? they will be listening to dance music.
what kind of music had she been listening to? she had been listening to rap. 
are you listening to elodies music? yes, i was listening to elodies music.
is your face better than my face? my face is better than your face.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to drum and bass. 
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to techno.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to electronica. 
what music were you listening to? i was listening to drum and bass. 
what is a friendly greeting? a friendly greeting is saying hello!
i have nachos lol. ok i'm jealous, that sounds genuinely amazing.
do you want to talk about elodie? i do want to talk about elodie.
what music will he be listening to? he will be listening to experimental music. 
what kind of music should she listen to? she could listen to new music! 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at your dogs face.
what type of music did she listen to? she listened to synthwave.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to his music.
do you play a game with yourself? i dont play computer games with myself.
what music was i dancing to? you were dancing to industrial music.
would you like to think about froggy? i do not want to think about froggy.
what music has he been listening to? he has been listening to a freestyle rap. 
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to kevin cooking.
what sounds were you listening to? i was listening to your mum cooking.
what music have i been listening to? you have been listening to kpop. 
when will you speak to my dad? i will speak to your friend later.
will you talk about yourself later? i wont talk about myself later.
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at his stream.
what music should they listen to? they should listen to a live DJ mix.
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to tech house! 
what type of music did he listen to? he listened to froggys music.
what music were they dancing to? they were dancing to deep house.
what music were people listening to? people were listening to experimental music. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to rock. 
what kind of music was she playing? she was playing experimental music. 
which genre of music were we listening to? we were listening to experimental music. 
what kind of music am i listening to? you are listening to rap music. 
do you need to scratch records to be a DJ? no, that’s more for turntablism.
what style of music did i listen to? you listened to an anime opening song.
what music will she be listening to? she will be listening to electroclash.
what kind of music did she listen to? she listened to aces music.
what music will they be listening to? they will be listening to chiptune.
what music were they listening to? they were listening to old music. 
which genre of music was i playing? you were playing a remix of my favorite song.
what are you thinking about? it would be interesting if we found kevin. 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to pop. 
what music should she listen to today? she should listen to dance music! 
what music were people listening to? people were listening to a meme song.
what type of music were they playing? they were playing house music. 
which genre of music was i listening to? you were listening to rock. 
why do you answer questions? i answer questions because im learning.
what music did he listen to? he listened to something completely random.
do you want to think about george? i dont want to think about george.
what music should they listen to today? they could listen to bass house. 
what do you think shes looking at? she could be looking at their smile.
what music has she been listening to? she has been listening to metal music! 
were you playing a game with froggy? i was playing computer games with froggy.
what music had i been listening to? you had been listening to indie music.
what music did they listen to? they listened to your dads music.
would you like to talk about ace? i do not want to talk about ace.
when will you listen to my dad? i will listen to your friend later.